Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: Garcia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know it's been a month. So we're at like a monthly
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that feeling like enough for a while. Just kind of touching base once a month that feel like enough support right now.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I mean, I feel pretty good. You know, I haven't had really any kind of
Anthony Garcia: Problems or anything, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we'll keep it like that then um if you want to. I've noticed what's been kind of handy. You know, if you do the thing where you kind of do. Where is it that little moon thing. I don't know if you have an iPhone, but to do what you call a
Gwenevere Abriel: Like to hold notification.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can put it on there. So we're not interrupted with BUZZING
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, do not disturb that's the word I was looking for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find it
Gwenevere Abriel: Like when you go to sleep. Do you ever put it on. Do Not Disturb
Anthony Garcia: No, but I just I just put it now.
Anthony Garcia: I do have a mode right there. Like, as soon as I get that menu.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Alright, sweet. Okay, so what does mean though because we're seeing each other only once a month is on each time I want to get just one statement on the goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't let's not go on and not otherwise the whole time will take up on review and goals. So I don't think that's really what we want to do. So let's just one statement, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: When it comes to implementing conflict resolution skills kind of touching base on how you assess how you're doing on conflict resolution skills are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to implement them or right now. Do you need to say to me, I don't have enough. I need more
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you at with that. And the goal is manage my stress and anger. But what I'm meeting you to do right to demonstrate the ability to move towards that goal is
Gwenevere Abriel: To implement conflict resolution skills, but if you're not engaging in any conflict, you're just sort of being a doormat. You're shutting up and repressing everything and you're not practicing those new skills. So what's really going on over there.
Anthony Garcia: Um,
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I don't
Anthony Garcia: I don't really like
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I really haven't had too much complex recently to where I
Anthony Garcia: Can think of, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I guess I just been handling it the way I was have been just kind of
Anthony Garcia: You know, trying to get angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Anthony Garcia: Problems for me is always been pretty pretty high, but I've noticed that I don't seem very angry as much as I used to. You know, I like even you this whole week gone by, so quick. I mean, I can't even think though like one thing that made me mad, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold that
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that your cousin is still GIVEN YOU LOOKS you're doing something with it. Anthony try to capture what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see it when you perceive it, you're making a new meaning of it, something's happening because you could get pissed off at it if you wanted to. What are you doing with it now.
Anthony Garcia: I mean, yeah, there's times where, like, yeah, I mean, I get irritated, but I just, I guess. I don't know what I've been doing with it. I just, it just doesn't get me angry anymore.
Anthony Garcia: I've been kind of just going kind of with the flow and letting things just kind of, I don't know, I just not not trying to make things happen all the time you know where I'm just
Anthony Garcia: Want everything the way I want it to be, you know, I just whatever is happening. I just kind of go with the flow. Now, and I know that this isn't permanent. You know, I just, I'm just looking
Anthony Garcia: Towards the future and hoping that it's going to be better than what it has been. And it's been, you know, like even, like, I don't know, I can't really explain it, but I feel better. You know, I wake up every morning. I'm not
Anthony Garcia: Like mad to go to work. I'm not pissed off. And my daughter. I'm not
Anthony Garcia: You know, I'm just get up already ready, getting ready, get ready to go. And, you know, a day goes by, and that's it. You know, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch. That's beautiful. Love it. But it's really important that we name what you're doing. So we can reinforce it. Okay. Because if you just think it's a fluke.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or if we only say it's just the medication which I do think it has a beautiful impact on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if we don't name some things that are intrinsically yours forever. And we keep labeling it. Oh, it's this medicine, you're going to miss out on feeling confidence. So let me just ask a couple of really precise questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see your cousin gathering antiques and going antique shopping. What do you think, what's the next thought when you proceed. He's investing in something else. What's the next thought
Anthony Garcia: I have no back to it. It's like
Anthony Garcia: I don't care anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't care. So it's not a threat because remember what a thread. It was before you understand your
Anthony Garcia: Before I thought like I was going to lose the shop I lose my job. I was going to have any money. He was going to go start doing things with other people.
Anthony Garcia: But I mean it just, if that's what he wants to do. I mean, I'm happy for him. You know, like
Anthony Garcia: Go do it. You know, it's like, it's not going to change me. I'm going to be able to go get a job anywhere, whether it's at a tire shop or somewhere else.
Anthony Garcia: And and I just feel that I don't make up excuses. I'm why I wake up every morning I go to work. I believe in the last even like year through all the times where I didn't have my medication on time and stuff. And I didn't feel good. I was still at work.
Anthony Garcia: You know, so I just don't believe that I'm gonna let him.
Anthony Garcia: Whatever he decides to do I don't want. I'm not gonna let that dictate how I feel more, you know, I just, I don't care. I don't care what he does. I just don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you recognize
Gwenevere Abriel: How different that is if I played a recording. I mean you and I have gotten into and they're kind of funny. I'm yelling, I mean, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not really yelling, like the mad yelling, I know there's care. But do you see the difference. I don't care. I have. And you know what that speaks to self efficacy
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I can go get another job. You could not say that to me before you couldn't do it. You were adamant. You are going to stay in your fear, you're so afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're gonna you're convincing me over and over. No, no, no, I can't. I can't. I can't. I, your mind is somewhere else. There's just, sort of, it sounds like this relaxed. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of space right now I'm getting up, I've got this job. I'm getting by. It's not like the rest of my life. It's temporary
Gwenevere Abriel: This guy clearly is into something else. This is good for now. But there's no sense of urgency and having to change him and hear from him that he's got to be this other way trying to change you're trying to change him, you're not. It doesn't sound like you're doing that, but you
Anthony Garcia: Know, I think I, I think I finally accepted that this is something I cannot change, you know,
Anthony Garcia: That change him.
Anthony Garcia: You've been telling me this whole time. I cannot change him.
Anthony Garcia: Now I understand, I can. I mean, I can only change myself and do what I have to do to survive and he's just, I'm not gonna let him do that to me anymore. I mean, he wasn't he doesn't even know he's doing it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Anthony Garcia: I never even told them that that's what he did to me. But you know, I don't think I will ever. Maybe I will one day, I don't know what right now. I don't think I can tell them, because I don't want him to feel like
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. I just don't feel bad about I just know that it just doesn't bother me anymore. If the shop closes tomorrow I'm still gonna smile wake up tomorrow, smiling, and then I'll go look for another job. Okay, that's beautiful. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch. Take that. Now see if you take pride in it. No doubt that's yours and I'm restating and I want to keep restating it
Gwenevere Abriel: And at the same time. Now I want you to picture that same thing you can do. And do you believe that what's happening is it is a sense of accepting what you cannot change.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it also that you feel some sense of confidence that everything's going to be okay. You don't know how, but I'll work it out is there that sense of confidence, even if it's gone up a little bit.
Anthony Garcia: I feel very confident now because
Anthony Garcia: I never thought in my life that I could get down 2.5 milligrams
Anthony Garcia: Feel good
Anthony Garcia: You know, and
Anthony Garcia: The fear that I had throughout this whole program was the withdrawals, you know, and that's why I always tell my doctor, a real maybe I'll wait another week or so.
Anthony Garcia: And then we kind of started just dropping. You know, I guess we both just decided to start dropping increment increments. And I notice I'm not feeling as bad as I thought that was
Anthony Garcia: You know, I think it was all kind of site like I psyched myself to make myself withdraw you know more. I still didn't feel bad few times, but it was manageable. I was still able to work get through the day.
Anthony Garcia: It was hard, but like I know, I know that things aren't just going to be handed to me if I want things I'm gonna have to work hard towards it and I'm ready for it, you know.
Anthony Garcia: Like I have more energy.
Anthony Garcia: My brain is so foggy as it used to be.
Anthony Garcia: I took the kids to the mall. The other day, it was great.
Anthony Garcia: But I don't know. It just everything just seemed to be good since I've dropped down because I've been taking my medication and even with the the sleep aid that Dr. Gabriel gave me the the
Anthony Garcia: Seroquel the 25 milligrams is enough for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's
Anthony Garcia: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any more than that. You guys are like wiped out for the day.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I'll take it at about eight and by nine o'clock. I'm out.
Anthony Garcia: And when I wake up in the morning. It's like 530 I'm energized, I feel good. I get up. I have my coffee.
Anthony Garcia: This morning I already took all the trash bins out and everything and got ready for this meeting and just, you know, I just feel better. Well,
I'm so glad
Anthony Garcia: And not all pissed off all the time either. I'm not all mad or thinking about ways to get mad or like sometimes in the morning. I remember waking up and like just like think of things to be pissed off when I get to work, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Everybody, you know, and I hadn't been doing that, you know,
Anthony Garcia: nobody's told me yet that they think I'm different. But I'm waiting for somebody to finally to say, hey, you seem a little bit different, you know, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, that
Anthony Garcia: I do feel different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's what matters because remember the old philosophy is waiting for other people to reaffirm what you already perceived. So let's stay here with what you perceive I value your assessment of yourself. I really do. Stay there. Let's keep reinforcing that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now what I was about to do before we were moving forward a little bit with this. I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you can picture your cousin doing his thing. Is there anything and be being that I don't care. And then right next door, as if another split screen is this other thing which is I see my dad walking up the stairs and I
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I remember. Oh, what an idiot. Oh, or do I see my dad and some other thought is going on, or is it still what an idiot. And then something else, what's going on when you see your father sort of hovering around outside your door.
Anthony Garcia: And
Anthony Garcia: It hasn't really happened. But what did happen was the other day. Me and him were after I got off work out to the show. We're going to go get something to eat.
Anthony Garcia: And as I was driving my mom calls me and she wanted me to pick her up at this apartment from so Korean lady just down the road. And so she said yeah your dad's not picking up his phone. I said, Yeah, he's with me and
And
Anthony Garcia: It must let us find at the house. So he that's what he did, he did he leave his phone at the house. So anyways, we get to the apartment and my dad's picture up here like
Anthony Garcia: A lot of times, so I'm waiting there at the gate and my mom calls and I'm looking for my mom and I can't find it, and
Anthony Garcia: I call my mom and she's all I'm here, I'm here at the game. I'm on here at the gate. Don't you see me. And so I asked my dad. Are you sure we're at the right place.
Anthony Garcia: And I was on and he was uh yeah I think so. It looks kind of different in the nighttime or whatever. And I was our dad you've picked my mom up like 20 times from here and drop her off. You don't know what it looks like. And he blew up. He's told me
Anthony Garcia: Don't worry about what I do or how I think or how I see things and he blew up and
Gwenevere Abriel: Are right next to
Anthony Garcia: Next to me in the car.
And
Anthony Garcia: I mean, I didn't yell at him.
Anthony Garcia: I just told him.
Anthony Garcia: Whatever is to have, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Okay. My mom got in the car and then I just kind of like got agitated with both of them. And then I started, you kind of tell them both of them off, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you were telling them.
Anthony Garcia: Like I told my mom. Next time you have a want somebody to pick you up and they never picked you up before
Anthony Garcia: Like, look out for them. You know, I mean, don't just expect me to fucking just like park right in front of you and pick up right up front end, you know,
Anthony Garcia: And I kind of seen hurting her you know what she got kind of hurt so I don't know maybe say, and then my dad was saying that you know what you pick up your mouth. From now on, and I said, I'm at work where she needs to be picked up is I don't give a shit.
Anthony Garcia: Something that I said you know what you need to tell mom that she was on. I will. I will. And I was I, yeah, I want to see someone my Ma ma ma. I think that has something to tell you.
Anthony Garcia: What you got so pissed off.
Gwenevere Abriel: But did he say anything.
Anthony Garcia: He stopped talking and he wouldn't say he he hasn't talked to me sense has been reading
Anthony Garcia: I was busy, but I didn't blow up like I normally do like psycho.
Anthony Garcia: Crazy blow up. But I did get kind of agitated. I know, I still get a little bit irritated with
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, the way you guys speak to each other is is quite aggressive, there's no there's no doubt about that. That's a norm for you guys. It doesn't doesn't match up with like the rest of the way the world kind of talks to each other. It's still really intense. Okay.
Anthony Garcia: Can I just go open the door for like two seconds, because the dogs barking out their momentum out
Course
Anthony Garcia: Come on.
Anthony Garcia: Barking as easy as science telling me to open the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all called
Anthony Garcia: I let him in. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so one little thing I saw um
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, shoot. If I do that, then I'm gonna be able to move forward here let's let's keep going here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm making some notes, you're seeing some progress, you're still getting agitated. I just want to let you know that, of course, someone saying the way your father, talk to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be a natural response to want to sort of defend this, the psyche, right, that that self, it makes sense that you would you would defend against it. You just aren't really practiced at
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're doing with your cousin is all you're going to need to do and you did a piece of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what I did here, this a little. It's a little, a little. This is content. This has to do with I noticed when you were upset and then you're kind of talking with your mom. This is the only piece and you may have actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Said it differently when you were talking to her, but what I heard was missing what you actually wanted. So if it was me, I would be something like this. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I got frustrated because I was relying on Dad's memory and it was just bad timing. He forgot his phone. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think next time. If I'm going to pick you up please text me the actual address, since if I'm going to be going to be the one picking you up. I want to have the physical address please just send it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't assume I know it because I lose texts. I forget things. So each time you want me to pick you up somewhere, please just send it so that there's no miscommunication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's how I talk. Notice how it's exactly asking, I did say how I felt. But I also asked for behavior west. What I didn't say was something like what you did, which was, you need to take care of me.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's vague.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's a powerful statement and it's really hard for me to not see
Gwenevere Abriel: That that might have been on an emotional level. What was so painful about it like you ended up not feeling cared for, like, you made to feel helpless and like I'm trying to be of use and you're making it impossible for me. I don't, I don't know where to pick you up.
Anthony Garcia: You know, yeah. And then, you know, I really want to attack my mom make my dad made me so mad because he almost it almost felt like he was doing it on purpose, but that's that's like again.
Anthony Garcia: And inception, you know,
Anthony Garcia: It might not have a might have been his memories all
Anthony Garcia: Right. And, you know, so, you know, now I think about. I didn't think about it at that very moment, but I guess now that I think about it, it could have really been how it was. And that how I thought it was. And that's what I got to work on with him is stop thinking everything
Anthony Garcia: So I guess I'm like you said, oh I overanalyze everything
Gwenevere Abriel: So look what you did. Remember I put these two screens. I said, you play out what to do with your cousin, not caring and it's the same skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: You breathe, you just focus on this is temporary, this isn't for every not going to be living up right next to him forever. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the more physical distance you have from him, it's going to be easier to have the psychological distance, the emotional distance. But for now, so you see the screen over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did get activated by him. But I'm telling you, it's the same skill set that you're able to say that's not about me. My dad's losing his shit he's always been that way he can be that way. Tomorrow it's going to be that way in 20 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm all I can do is see what I can do to change and really accept what I can't and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, saying,
Anthony Garcia: That's something I still need to work on because I mean I've figured out a few things. But I know, I know. It's gonna take me a while. I guess I just gotta
Anthony Garcia: But just
Anthony Garcia: Stay focused on and not let FEW THINGS LIKE THAT TURNED ME AWAY FROM ME, YOU KNOW, BECAUSE I KNOW WHEN IT HAS A feel like how it was just for that few minutes I started getting discouraged and stuff. No, and I started like
Anthony Garcia: Almost to the point where I'm like, want to give up, you know, and then
Anthony Garcia: And then I think about all the things that I've been doing this last two years, and how far I've come. You know, and
Anthony Garcia: I don't ever want to go back to how that was, you know, ever. I want to take care of my daughter is like my biggest thing is what I wanted to do for her.
Anthony Garcia: And she needs me now, more than ever, it is because my mom took up and she asked, nobody. I'm all she gots now really, you know, my dad's here, but he's more just like here's $20. Have a good day.
Anthony Garcia: I know
Anthony Garcia: All the little things that she wants to talk about with her friends and all the other stuff. She comes in. She sits and she talks to me about him and stuff, but I'm not always knowing what to say and do
Anthony Garcia: But
Anthony Garcia: I just feel better that she's open now. And she's willing to sit there and talk to me and tell me what's going on with her life. So I feel like she trust me and
Anthony Garcia: She
Anthony Garcia: She believes that I can help her, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: You know those things make me feel better about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to reinforce, he said, I need to work on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The. It can be as always. Do you remember the breathing and then you remember why don't you start to memorize or put on your screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. And it's this one's agnostic. Like it doesn't have the god in if you'd like to God.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prayer, then you can memorize that when God grant me the serenity. But if you want to drop that piece, the part about acceptance is still really useful because in the moment, we can say, I have the serenity to accept the things I cannot change.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel what's going on with your dad. You're like, This is ridiculous. There's no way to argue this man out of his way of being there, there isn't. You're not going to change him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's not going to show you care. The way you needed it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna have to feel it elsewhere. And you can feel it with your daughter when she connects with you and trust you with your personal kids stories. It's fantastic. You've earned that and don't let that go. That's, that's love. But dad, he's a mess right now. Okay.
Anthony Garcia: I know. And then another thing about him that makes me mad and I hate to bring it up as bit but you know I just always kind of felt like
Anthony Garcia: Everything I say to him, and everything I do. He just looks down upon whether it's great or not even like when I do something for my daughter. He tries to pay me back for it.
Anthony Garcia: I just I bought I bought her a $50 pink sweater is like the pink sweater and pink and and we brought it up and I was, I told the show pop out which about what I got you. And he went, she went devotional yeah my dad got me this fish your sweater and my dad tried to pay me back for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. Right. I know, I know you're upset, but watch know how you were saying that this might be just my perspective. Let me see if I can read your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: My dad doesn't think I'm able to earn money. He thinks he's got to pay me back. I'm a man. I can do this myself, my daughter.
Anthony Garcia: Like almost like yeah, almost like where I'm a kid when I don't know I just feel very great about that, you know, I really like that hurt me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fantastic. Thank you for that. That means I can buy for more stuff. That means, maybe I can buy something for myself. And frankly, Dad. That's the only way you frickin show love. Anyway, I'll take that money.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have two choices among 100,000 choices. Those are just two. And all I did was guess at what you might have been thinking your way is pretty predictable, you're going to find
Anthony Garcia: The money.
Anthony Garcia: I would have fell into what he wanted me to do, which means he would have, I would have took the 50 and he would have been, I hear you know i don't know that's that's how I felt.
Anthony Garcia: At the time it irritated me. I didn't say nothing. I didn't get mad, but it's been itching me like for the last few days, and it's like still kicking me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Other answer this first answer that comes to mind. What does your father. Oh, you
Anthony Garcia: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your father. Oh, you
Anthony Garcia: Maybe some love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he know how
Anthony Garcia: How you know
Gwenevere Abriel: This does your father know how to show love does it show it to your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our hand or 20
Anthony Garcia: Hands or the 20 that's when it. That's how he did it for me. That's what he did to me when I grew up, so I never really
Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going crazy because he only knows
Gwenevere Abriel: To hand money and then feel love and U Haul. Listen to this. Listen, the way you you've looked at your life to when I don't have money in my pocket. How am I miserable. I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: really uncomfortable, not having money money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is has been power.
Anthony Garcia: This has been doesn't believe that I'm doing better. I like almost to where he thinks that I need to stay here I need
Anthony Garcia: To be helped us. I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: It's just something in my head that just it's driving me crazy is just almost to where
Anthony Garcia: He won't let me have a life of my own, even with my daughter. You know, you know, I try to make choices for her and stuff and he always tries to undermine it. And Stephen
Gwenevere Abriel: Do some work with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is really, really, really, really, this is at the heart of it. Okay, no doubt, so let's let's not let's not do what we've done before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where I try and convince you that there's a healthier way to think about it, you're going to need to feel it the same way you really grasp what it's like to really accept someone for for what they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: You still want your father to show you love to believe in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the way you did when you were 678 910 so we're not going to analyze this, I want you to feel it on your own. I can't, I can't, hammer this into your head can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, do you know take another year. Let's not do that, let's do these therapeutic interventions and let's have it be different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do some of this CMDR and see if we can shift this, you have a very rigid neural network around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm quite the sales woman. I can't get in there. I can't get in there. You love that thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are so right and he's got to change. Otherwise, we're still stuck here. So I think we should do do something a little different around it. So why don't we do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you to right now as we're even talking about notice you're like you're getting into it. Right. You're like, oh, he didn't believe in me. It's like you can't even see my progress right she
Anthony Garcia: Was it's almost to the point where he couldn't even believe that I bought a $50 sweater from my, my daughter. That's like my kid, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so and so let's break this down. What's the emotion, you're feeling right now. What was that when we started talking about what he did.
Anthony Garcia: Angry I was pissed off. Okay, I'm still mad like I'm still feeling bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I can tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good, though, because it gets it, we can work with that right now. So OK, now go to
Gwenevere Abriel: I am. Let's see if we can get right to the core. This is an important one, you get to the belief about the self right now say if we don't have it right away. I'm gonna help you get there right now. The belief I have about myself, is what I am.
Anthony Garcia: Sorry, I'm supposed to think of something that I am
Anthony Garcia: What do you yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'll do one out here.
Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am competent and that's going to be here. I feel excited and curious. I believe about myself. I'm confident
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to go to the sponsoring belief inside of you right now. What do you believe about yourself right now.
Anthony Garcia: I believe arm.
That's it. You're almost there. I'm
Anthony Garcia: I guess I'm generous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a nice one. But there's there's a negative one in there. That's the one I want to dig around that.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, I am
Anthony Garcia: A failure, you know, that's how I feel when like only when I'm around my day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. My guess is because we've been here before. That's exactly it. Now, from one to 10
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a failure gets to have a range, doesn't it. And so here we're going to put it in a range. How true is that right now. I'm a failure. One is that that actually is, it will go zero to 10 that is not true and 10 is it's absolutely true. How true is it right now. I'm a failure.
Anthony Garcia: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the opposite of that. I'm a failure. Think about this. When your dad is like, Well, here's a 20 I heard you guys sweater. What's a positive belief, you want to have about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Anthony Garcia: I'm a good dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Okay. And here comes that scale again but different numbers to throw you off a little it's going to be one to seven. How true is I'm a good dad seven is darn straight my percent seven is absolutely one is not really
Anthony Garcia: I would say maybe one or two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you want to put one and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: Went to. Alright, cool. And right now, where are you feeling it in your body. Where are you feeling this what's getting charged
Anthony Garcia: My back my shoulder and like my shoulders are tense right now almost like punching something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. All right. Um, so let's do, let's do this. Do you remember, you're going to get back in your note here to close down. Do you remember your, your nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Your protective and your wife's figures.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, my sister, my mom, your
Mom.
Anthony Garcia: My mom's like, the more protective. Yes. And then I think my sister was like that.
Anthony Garcia: Was one. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to get in touch with that. Okay, so close your eyes for just a little bit. Oh, yeah. First, we got to have those get your thing imaging easier to containers right, are they still there.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I just, I leave, it's like this than that I leave them there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect.
Anthony Garcia: Even just in case.
Anthony Garcia: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Haven't so let's do this, let's do this together. Okay, first let's bring in some positive imagery. I want you to snap to
Gwenevere Abriel: A smile on your mother's face maybe bringing in a scent from cooking Korean food right bring it in everything that embodies the quality of nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And protection from mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as many senses as you can grasp, just pull them up seeing her maybe something she's wearing or a sense. She has a perfume or
Gwenevere Abriel: Way. She moves. It's familiar and that's mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no ambivalence, you know, she wants the best for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's also this wisdom this sister that
Gwenevere Abriel: She's kind of this organized by she knows how to save and it's helping you there and and has some some really decent advice. Doesn't she
Gwenevere Abriel: She's got some wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has that quality and I want you to picture interacting with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're all around you interacting with you talking to each other and you interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: And nod your head when you you're very much immersed in it and you can feel it. Okay. All right. We're going to do a slow iteration. So for your eyes. Those two objects at the rate that I so it will be this pace, hold on to that image.
Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together into the belly nice belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale out the mouth, all of it.
I think it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice what comes up just observe thoughts, beliefs, sensations and feelings.
Anthony Garcia: I noticed on that is like cans anymore loosened up a lot.
Anthony Garcia: I feel
Anthony Garcia: Better. You know, I feel like I'm not as angry as I was a minute ago. I'm almost forgetting what I was even angry about
Anthony Garcia: But then, you know, still there. I just
Anthony Garcia: I can feel like, I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: Okay, even right now. I could just feel my dad just like
Anthony Garcia: Thinking like negative thoughts about me.
Anthony Garcia: Let's go upstairs. You know, he's upstairs in his room and
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. What's the earliest age I know my dad thinks negatively of me. How old is that, how old are you, go take your time on this scope. Let's try and get a core
Anthony Garcia: I think when I was young when I was when I first got in trouble, big trouble. I would say maybe
Anthony Garcia: 11 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So you did something. And what are you picturing with your dad's face voice behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I, I'm mad at him. I'm picturing him thinking something negative athlete can just break me in a little bit into that imagery
Anthony Garcia: That's not really like that angry of his face. I can like this. The disappointment.
Anthony Garcia: I see is like
Anthony Garcia: Okay, just so disappointed in me and and it just kept happening and happening and happening not all my life. Even when I went to prison as I was older.
Anthony Garcia: The disappointment in his i don't know i think he wanted. He thought I was going to be something special or something. I think I disappointed. That's what happened. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that I want you to hold that worst image right it's the sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling his disappointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's a feeling. So see if you can actually get an image of it. Can you picture something in his face, something that wasn't made up but you you really interpreted a face has
Anthony Garcia: A name. It's an angry face, but the eyes are like sad, you know, but basis really mad. It's like very angry.
Anthony Garcia: But inside the
Anthony Garcia: Eyes, you can just see the sadness and
Anthony Garcia: Disappointment. But, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You hold that in your awareness right now angry face you perceive sadness inside you interpreted as he's disappointed in me, where do you feel that in the body. Just a quick statement or do you feel it.
Anthony Garcia: That's right in my gut in time. Yeah.
Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: angry face sad and I want you to pull up the quality of nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom hold those two things. That's why I just want you to visualize face and pull up the quality that we were doing before. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so take a look here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together in through the nose, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then next we'll all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Quietly as if a moving picture screen by screen just observe what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Anthony Garcia: I noticed I feel sad.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because I know that I did these things to him. I did disappoint him. I, I just, I got in trouble so much you know and and then in military it affects my dad's promotions and stuff. And I remember he was emotional time and I got into big trouble and
Gwenevere Abriel: I think Anthony go with that. We don't want too many pieces go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And but pull up the positive images to okay call. Here we go. Go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me into the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
Anthony Garcia: To me, what comes up is that
Anthony Garcia: It's like the discipline thing is
Anthony Garcia: From so long ago and all throughout my life that I believe that he like he believes that I'm a disappointment as a father also
Anthony Garcia: And that's why I can take care of my daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up the quality of nurture and protection and wisdom and go with that what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: An excellent the mouth, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Anthony Garcia: Now, like, Man, I mean, I have no tenseness in my body at all right now. I feel a little bit sad you know cuz kind of realizing a few things, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you realize
Anthony Garcia: That maybe I just
Anthony Garcia: Haven't made the best choices. All these years, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that pulled up, pull up the qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom is with you, your chances with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: protectionist with you haven't made. Why is this choices.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put them together into the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit in the quiet for a few months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just observe inwardly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you noticing.
Anthony Garcia: I do notice that I'm
Anthony Garcia: Not feeling like
Anthony Garcia: How I was a minute ago. I'm feeling
Anthony Garcia: Like, I need to
Anthony Garcia: Do better with
Anthony Garcia: My thinking, you know,
Anthony Garcia: And stop letting all these thoughts and stuff but
Anthony Garcia: Make me feel bad about myself, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold them. Now close your eyes with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a question inside
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture asking
Gwenevere Abriel: Your protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Your nurturing figure or you wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: For some help with what to do differently, see what comes up.
Anthony Garcia: That my mom's the protectors, which is going to tell me that I
Anthony Garcia: Pretty much what I want to hear.
Anthony Garcia: And my sister gives me good advice and stuff. And it just almost seemed like is my dad's. The only one telling me the truth about me, you know,
Anthony Garcia: And I think that's what pisses me off about him is because
Anthony Garcia: He's not
Anthony Garcia: Trying to make me feel better with lies or or
Anthony Garcia: Or anything he's just telling me exactly what I did.
Anthony Garcia: How I did it every day. I mean, he reminds me a lot, every day.
Anthony Garcia: He always reminds me
Anthony Garcia: Of the things that I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay here. I know it's really stay here. I want you to remember what you said earlier, I could have done things differently. I want to change my thinking.
Anthony Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to them. Say it again.
Anthony Garcia: I do want to change my thinking this
Anthony Garcia: Stuff makes me feel bad about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a young person at age 11 you could ask your mom, you could ask your sister. You could ask your dad. It might be that these are not the figures that we need to ask. It could be your adult self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could be someone else. I want you to see what happens when you pull up this quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of nurturing protection and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just your adult self come in.
Anthony Garcia: I just don't see it. You know, I just, it's hard to picture.
Anthony Garcia: Picture that right now.
Anthony Garcia: I know I'm an adult.
Anthony Garcia: Because
Anthony Garcia: It is. But my mind is my brain my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Anthony Garcia: The way things, almost, where am I
Anthony Garcia: You know, like a kid asking for candy little
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, so you're wanting to do this. I want you to picture that when you're 11 seeing your dad's face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I want you to picture the quality those people, if it turns out something else comes up, we've got to go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But first start with at 11 you're about to make a decision and have a different action. You said I want to do things differently. I want to think differently. Want to behave differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture at 11 seeing your mother seeing your sister and going to them for help or is it your dad for help. I can't tell you go in. Let's see what it is.
Anthony Garcia: Always went to him for him always
Anthony Garcia: I think that's what it was. I always
Anthony Garcia: Always went in.
Anthony Garcia: Had to call him out.
Anthony Garcia: He was always the one that came to the school.
Anthony Garcia: Was always here.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Anthony when you were thinking, I need to make better decisions. Do you have a sense of what that is in your mind, you know, you know what that is. You can picture it I needed to have gone left
Gwenevere Abriel: And I went, right, doggone it, again, I went right again. I went right I should have gone left to you have imagery of that I could have done things differently. I made
Gwenevere Abriel: poor decisions.
I have
Anthony Garcia: Images of me.
Anthony Garcia: Always
Anthony Garcia: choosing the wrong way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture one all I can picture.
Anthony Garcia: They never do it right, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I need you to picture the worst one.
Anthony Garcia: thing I did was
Anthony Garcia: I will say,
Anthony Garcia: That my dad's like right here, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: This well
Gwenevere Abriel: Either before you did whatever this ruin dad's career thing or maybe right after I want you to picture mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture these resources and I'm not sure if there's another figure that's going to emerge. This is going to be our last iteration picture that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it right before was it as you did this thing that ruins the career, just like the worst thing and I want you to picture your resources are available to you. You're not alone. We have resources. Okay, open your eyes. Hold that WORST piece.
Anthony Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: Of support.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to your growth.
Safety
And wisdom.
Exhale,
Gwenevere Abriel: What thoughts or beliefs are coming up for you.
Anthony Garcia: Just that
Anthony Garcia: I was getting given so many chances, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: Just not when I was at KP as I grew older,
Anthony Garcia: And I didn't take
Anthony Garcia: Almost like a word I purposely
Anthony Garcia: ruined everything that I've ever had, you know,
Anthony Garcia: It's like almost like self destructing myself.
Anthony Garcia: I just
Anthony Garcia: Picture.
Anthony Garcia: Now that my mom, my sister and everybody's disappointed in me because
Anthony Garcia: Maybe a lot of things could have been different for us and
Anthony Garcia: We always wanted if maybe I didn't do what I did.
Anthony Garcia: All those times that
Anthony Garcia: Maybe I be closer with my daughter. I didn't go to prison or
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, it's just a lot of
Anthony Garcia: Not a just feeling like disappoint myself, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on. Go grab a piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring today to a close with this is important, go grab a piece of paper, a good proper case, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right on the whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony start this sentence and you know you can do what you want to do, you know, this is just a an invitation. But once you to see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you write Dear Dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the big
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the big one. That's the one that you're projecting all of this stuff on to him. It might be time
Gwenevere Abriel: That you say you're sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to be in shame about it, Anthony. You're lovable, you're an amazing man.
Gwenevere Abriel: But until you say you're sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: Really on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be free from it. I won't hold you anymore. You're good boy, you did the best you could
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter that you did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got this moment. Got the rest of your life. It could ruin relationships, if it stays like this inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what happens. And we're going to have to go. But I want you to see if you notice, you want to continue writing Ellen farmar our next work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you want to write it. Maybe you'll give it to him. Maybe you'll burn it. Maybe you'll share it with me to you. Maybe I'll share it with your group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I'll share it with your daughter. Maybe I'll rip it to shreds. Maybe you'll eat it. Maybe you make it into a soup. I don't know what you're going to do with it. It's the writing it. I want to know what happens to you when you see it right in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the goal of course I don't have a hidden agenda.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is to change the meaning that you have around the disappointment, you have in yourself, the regret all of that and just say, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it okay we consider writing something like that.
Anthony Garcia: I shed. Right. Yeah.
Just consider
Gwenevere Abriel: That's enough just to even
Anthony Garcia: I've always wanted to go do that. You know, it's just something that
Anthony Garcia: Something
Anthony Garcia: Almost
Anthony Garcia: I don't know whether it's fear. Right.
Anthony Garcia: What is something
Anthony Garcia: Saying, sorry, when I want to know. I know.
Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: If we don't do these experiments, we won't see what's holding it back. We won't be able to save all here. So you have so much resentment because of what he needs to be sorry for we can't get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't get there if we don't lean in and see what other level of truth, there is this is one piece of it. It's not just one sided there could be deep deep deep deep resentment towards him.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not mutually exclusive. Anthony, they can coexist. You might have so much anger and hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't preclude each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: The sorry the apology freeze you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit with it. Don't do anything more just sit there with it that I can both really have resentment for how you let me down and wasn't a good enough father, and I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: For what I did. I didn't know any better. I was 11 I was a little boy I did the best I could to survive in this environment. And I'm sorry not I'm a bad boy. No, but I'm sorry. Just, just sit with that this week. Don't do anything else, and just sit with it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to take what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now because we gotta go, I want you to take these feelings, whatever, whatever they are for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to put them in that large trash bin.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to make sure that it's locked.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's actually have it sort of maybe go on a train.
Gwenevere Abriel: For now, and sort of picture it moving along when you put it in there and you can kind of see it's on that train and just sort of have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have it drifted away further on down the track.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you'll come by and take it off the track and visit it again, maybe you and I will do it together. But you don't have to do it now doesn't need to be addressed. Now, all of that is locked up in that band.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you get to go enjoy the day you get to enjoy you are feeling good, knowing that you are you did some incredibly hard work today.
Anthony Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're very complicated and you're letting me sort of bring us back to this this amount of information. I know it's huge. But we won't get anywhere if we can't, we can't work with these really pivotal pieces. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've done. All right, we'll see you soon. How about two weeks from now on a Friday.
Anthony Garcia: Sounds with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that puts us out at sea march 27 at seven in the morning.
Anthony Garcia: One.
Gwenevere Abriel: To seven March 27
Anthony Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, bye.
Anthony Garcia: Bye.
I can't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna open up a note, while I think you're working out the video kind of thing maybe
Magan: Hello. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just now hearing you. If you've been talking the whole time.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just heard.
Hello.
Magan: I lived in like
Magan: Five minutes ago in there. You weren't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I'm going to open up a note here. Do you need to arrange anything while I'm pulling up and up, talk to anyone protect your time and space.
Magan: Yes. Jay, can it can you come say goodbye to me.
Magan: Know. No, I'm not.
Magan: I'm in an appointment right now.
Magan: Because you can't why
Magan: It's, it's fine. You don't have with
Your you're
Magan: Going to school.
Magan: You always mix the premier Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay Jay
Magan: And I'd be more than any good to
Magan: Have a good day.
Magan: Okay, during the day is not over. Okay. All right, so chill you slept.
Magan: That's not there.
Magan: Okay. All right. I love you. I need to get to my opinion. Okay.
Magan: Have a good day at school.
Magan: I need to do my opponents last
Magan: I know you did.
Magan: Okay.
Magan: Hi. Hello. Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Hello. Can we try to get video so I can see ya.
Magan: Oh I what's up. How do I do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe hit. There we go. I gotcha.
Magan: It said it was video but it
Gwenevere Abriel: Was just your was a black screen.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so
Magan: Okay, sorry.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have some some quiet time for your for yourself. Now, as I recall.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me just see, we went into
Gwenevere Abriel: Some negative conditions. If you want to do today, we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Do some em, Dr. If you want to do it today.
Magan: Yeah, that's fine. I don't want to talk about work and everything this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna it's all connected. Because guess what it's all happening to you hope so it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna be
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now let me just make sure we have everything we need remind me what device you're on phone or laptop.
Magan: Or iPad so phone I tried the iPad and didn't
Magan: Mesh up remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Go get to things like this right next to your phone about shoulder width apart, or you already have them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please do right next to the fun right sides of them so that I don't see them, but you
Gwenevere Abriel: Will
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look left and right shoulder width apart.
Magan: Okay hold on one second.
Magan: Shoulder width.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, because I don't want to strain your eyes. I mean, able to have the bilateral movement, but I hurt when we do this activity.
Magan: And plan for
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure. And look at the tip top of the leaf of each one. They're about the same height. That's great.
Magan: Yes.
Magan: Have to the bottles probably better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I do seem like I'm missing one container. I've got container, but I don't have a distancing metaphor okay need one more thing in here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more thing. And it's a distancing metaphor.
Magan: That means
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll give examples for some people.
Magan: They're having
Gwenevere Abriel: A negative experience. Maybe they don't like something going on in their gut, right, or they're having an emotion, it's fear. It's anxiety or it's a memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: A distancing that if I'm going to give you some examples of once people have chosen doesn't mean we can't change it. I just want one in writing, so I can help. So here we are. Here's one. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I take this image that I have. I don't like it. And I stick it in a helium balloon I wrap it up and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Thought away into the atmosphere. And I can see it really slowly drifting away. I also can put it in a rocket ship and really fast. It takes off and I can't see it anymore and it goes out into space.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put it on a leaf and I stay on the riverbank
Gwenevere Abriel: With the qualities of my team of protection nurturing and wisdom and on that leaf is that image and it's slowly drifting away.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the point that I can't distinguish it from the water anymore it's it's moved down the river. It's a little slower pace. What's really important is that it's a process, meaning it's in motion. So it could be a train container and it's what was your container container was a train.
Gwenevere Abriel: Train cart with thick metal so might be like, something like that on a train. You can see this train right moving and this negativity or whatever. You don't want to be feeling or having right now is moving away and you can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving away. You can even hear the sounds maybe and as a distance. You can barely tell the track.
Magan: anymore. I think the one that's standing out is the leaf actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it. Is it a on a creek a river, where are you standing if
Gwenevere Abriel: Creek. Okay, there we go. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I'm just gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Go over some of the structure of this, this is kind of what it's going to look like we're going to be spending some time getting to
Gwenevere Abriel: A target.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to hear me say, what's the, what's the belief going on. I might ask about an emotion I might have you pull up the worst piece, the worst image she won't have to tell me, Megan, you're just going to hold it in your working memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to be in such distress that you start to dissociate. If that's the case, so we're going to cut, you can do this, like, however you want to say stop. Do you like this as a way to say I need
Magan: To say stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Useful. Oh, I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you that you can do that anytime you want to. You also may want more.
Gwenevere Abriel: You also may want more me to continue, I might my iterations might be too short and your some things from the archive of the hippocampus are starting to come up and you want to reprocess them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might just do this because we're going to do about 30 seconds each. You want might want more.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's another option you can always say more. I mean, I'm just giving you some some signals. You can use
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, basic format is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to bring something up and I'll either be bringing I'll be asking you to be thinking of a positive maybe your, your team of nurturing protection and wisdom and I might be doing an iteration on missy. How do you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what's coming up for you, you'll give me a pretty short response not along one
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I might say go with that. And we're going to do another iteration. It's not processing and where we talk and talk and talk. It's that and then go with that. And then there's going to be another iteration. I'm going to be
Magan: I think I just have to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm giving you. Okay, so that you're you have some idea of what's going on, you can, you know, I'm here, I'm going to be guiding you through the whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, he is. And she do short responses, because we're going to be
Magan: Short responses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we want to actually have the experience of
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this. Let's do some targeting for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's very complex networks in there for you around some negative experiences.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one that you have said, I'm just going to go from the previous session. I'm just going to take one from there.
Magan: The
Gwenevere Abriel: One that you said, which was, I am not good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's that a pretty common one for you.
Magan: Oh, yeah.
Magan: We go.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to track back all that is. Is it five years old. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it 10 years has been around about 20 years how far back. Is this how old is this. I'm not good enough.
Magan: I have a memory in particular.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old are you, just so I have some idea.
Magan: For five
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. So what I wanted to do is so first
Magan: Is yourself starting
Magan: Off space doing
Gwenevere Abriel: low vibration where you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be focusing on positive imagery first. Okay.
Magan: Okay. Give me one second. Hold on one second.
Magan: Okay.
Magan: Okay, I'm ready. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A heads up, we're actually going to do some positive imagery first. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well it should have a positive feeling not a yucky one or a scary one
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now with your eyes closed for so I really want that imagery, very solid. And then I'm going to ask you to open your eyes. And then you're going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking in the direction of those objects at the pace that I sat with my fingers. So first, I want you to close your eyes and I want you to immerse yourself in this quality of a dragon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Gandalf the Grey.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that quality of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are there with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is certain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is your resource of a protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: To yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then have your dog be a part of that imagery interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: With the Dragon
Gwenevere Abriel: With Gandalf the Grey.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: In their
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone together and you there together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the faces. Notice what everyone's doing, how they're interacting. Notice how you feel around them.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you feel like you were very present there. I'm going to ask you to open your eyes. And we're going to do a slow iteration and you're going to hold that in your awareness that imagery does take work to hold it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So well done in your awareness and just look at the tops of those two
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's. Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: big belly breath. And when you're ready, just exhale all out of your mouth, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: And gently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just turn inward. See how you're feeling physically and emotionally
Magan: Don't need to say
Magan: Yeah, okay.
Magan: My backers, but that's pretty much the only thing I would say that there for me right now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any thoughts or beliefs going on in your mind.
Magan: I'm worried that this isn't going to work.
Magan: I'm worried that it's going to work. And I'm going to feel the same way I did last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that, I want you to pull up the imagery of protective nature nurturing and wisdom people at that imagery we able to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And go just said those two things together.
Gwenevere Abriel: We go with left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale, with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be belly breath, inhale and exhale. When you're ready to get all
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what's coming up for you.
Magan: I don't know, I just heard.
Magan: It was weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go with that. I heard crying. I want you to pull up those that team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dragon
Magan: I think that's what I was crying about
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I heard crying. Pull up your, your team with it together. Okay, let's see what goes on in there, right there, hold them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice short one in here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, get that belly all that area that long ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just turn inward. See what you can
Magan: Do I say what I'm thinking about.
Magan: I'm thinking about
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And lets me just check in the distress level from zero to 100 or if it's a dissociative direction slowing down of heart rate then below zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what kind of number of way out as far as distress right now. If it's towards anger running that would be up towards 100 if it was towards dissociation and being the negative numbers.
Magan: Like a 40 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, that's workable. So you can still think
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, that's good. I'm liking that you can still work with that some change can happen in there. So I'd like to know what the belief is about
Gwenevere Abriel: Right about now around that I'm thinking of my mom. What do you believe about yourself right now. So if you can find it. What do I believe about myself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, from zero to 1010 is that is absolutely true. How true is that right now.
Magan: Right now it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and the one you want to believe. What's the positive cognition. What do you want to believe instead
Magan: That
Magan: She died.
Not
Magan: Not thinking
Magan: That she mushy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to believe
Magan: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, look, look, look at me, look at me. Mega
Gwenevere Abriel: still happening with me another human being.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something about the way you and I have been working together.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I believe you are enough. Do I think that if you even a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I act like that too I treat you like them.
Magan: Yes, uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you trust me a little
Magan: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've earned it happened. I
Yes.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: She to hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look and we're going to do an iteration with us and with that notice as you're looking at me, this is interpersonal I'm a real person.
Keep pretty thing.
Let's breathe in together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then all of it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever, whatever comes up for you. What do you think about what are you noticing.
Magan: Noticing that
Magan: And she died on a birthday.
Magan: That's coming up next week.
Magan: And I'm
Magan: Noticing
Magan: That when she was dying. I told her I forgave her
Magan: Okay, I really didn't
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're gonna go with that. Again, God
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to be thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I am enough two things you just pictured what you just pictured, and I want you to go with the thought, I am enough
Breathing in and out.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to add the image of the dragon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gandalf the Grey.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should bring that why speaker and nurturing figure up dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your children slowing down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here with me is belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're gonna let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice what comes up.
Magan: A little bit of anger.
Magan: It's hard for me to keep the image of
Magan: The protectors in my head.
Magan: It's really, it's really difficult actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the protectors, you're able to get your dog and children now.
I'm
Magan: I'm seeing my, my children, more than anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now they're wise, we're going to do something with that ready
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Said I feel anger. So we're going to go with that. And I want you to pull up the image of your children as they are the quality of wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna be talking to you throughout the integration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your job is to pull up the image of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom on money.
And
We're feeling anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to invite him to slow down. I'm going to see if you can ask your children how to express anger, because they're wise, how do they get to express it, you can learn from them.
How did they get to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just this little four year old perhaps ask your children or learn from them about anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up right now.
Magan: Yelling and my kids.
Magan: Looking scared of me yelling
Magan: At me feeling like a bad mom and saying,
Magan: Out loud and and they're telling me you're not a bad mommy. You're a good mom. You're the best. Mommy, the whole world.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're going to go with that wants you to pull up this disarm this wisdom. Okay, what out
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with what you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if your children know how to bring the dragon in the room.
Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you right now.
Magan: I just get imagery and then like grabbing my hands.
Magan: And pulling me to the dragon again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: See where it takes you.
Magan: Let's pretend
Gwenevere Abriel: I spell it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale it all out flat, flat belly flat belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gently
Gwenevere Abriel: Just observe what comes up.
Magan: I don't, I don't feel
Magan: That angry feeling as as present as it was
Magan: I want, I want to
Magan: I want to believe it when I hear you say it, or my children say it in my mind at least, but I know that you say it to me.
Magan: And I want to believe that I am enough
Magan: But extremely difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want you. And let's do this one out loud so I can hear some stream of consciousness and once you have a conversation. You get to decide it's going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to ask you to be in a dialogue with Dragon Gandalf dog children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or when
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't believe you precisely around I'm enough. Why don't you just see, who do you want to talk to. Who do you want to be in an argument around with it comes to mind.
Magan: It has to be those people
Gwenevere Abriel: Who comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: My mother. Okay, let me hear it out loud. Get in the argument. Let me hear it if it comes up. Say it.
Magan: It's more of a question for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: No censoring just say it.
Magan: Mom, why am I not enough free
Gwenevere Abriel: Can a four year old answer.
Magan: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Dragon answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, I can't
Magan: I can't office looks pitiful
Gwenevere Abriel: What about the dog.
Magan: She's looking at me.
Magan: Like she feels bad for me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about children.
Magan: I don't understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about when a VR Sarah post
Magan: When I fear disagrees.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she do
She then
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked a question.
Magan: To my mother.
Magan: And ask the question.
Magan: Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear her voice. What does she say to mom.
Magan: Do you, do you really believe that Megan's not enough.
Magan: You feel that way. Is that true
Magan: I wonder why Megan feels that way.
Magan: Why would make him feel
Magan: Like she's not enough.
Magan: From you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on.
Magan: pretty firm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little girl with mom.
Magan: Mom.
Magan: She doesn't
Magan: She doesn't like to see little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what does the therapists do to protect a little girl.
Magan: She wrapped her
Gwenevere Abriel: Little girl.
Magan: I believe that you are
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do I say to mom.
Magan: You should be ashamed of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The adult
Gwenevere Abriel: Would have protected you
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not healthy one. Mom did
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you protect your children from that you know the difference. The healthy environment healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: And more each day more and more
Gwenevere Abriel: protecting yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're protecting your children. You're living a very, very different life than you did.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, this therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is seem like I am a piece of that protection, that's
Magan: It does actually was weird. It just came up
Magan: Something I didn't see coming just did.
Magan: I mean, you told me to say what's coming up. Is that what came up was a lot of imagery. Everything was imagery
Magan: For me, I mean, I don't know if that's the way it's supposed to go or not, but
Magan: Everything was imagery. I was seeing it play out in front of me.
Magan: And then when you said that to her. It was like
Magan: I felt bad for her.
Magan: You felt bad for her, my mom because you said that there. And it's like, but it's the truth.
Magan: And there's that the same shift that always happens to be trying to protect other people's feelings, even in there.
Magan: And it's not fair because it's the truth. It's the other truth. She should be she so she can
Yeah.
Magan: It is too overwhelming.
Magan: To stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we are
Magan: I'm sorry, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're doing you're doing the work is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Right on time right on time nothing to be sorry for
Gwenevere Abriel: This is exactly how it's supposed to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we take away the, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have access to feeling that this was therapeutic if we could get rid of that. Sorry. If instead you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Allowed to just have this event, a perfect experience.
Magan: It could. I think the reason why sorry is coming up is because I feel like perhaps I failed. Perhaps I didn't do, because I don't know what the outcome is supposed to be and perhaps that's smart. Because if I did, then I would be anticipating it an end, I would be
Magan: Knowing what to expect and I don't
Magan: And and so I'm sick. I'm saying sorry because I feel like I got, I messed it up like I did something wrong with it right or I'm not. I'm broken but I broke, it broke the system by saying stop or I broke the system by
Magan: Entering the way with this answer versus that answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Magan: That's what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's exactly what you were doing in the activity, which was putting other people's feelings first
Magan: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't need to in here. You can't do this wrong. There's no one
Magan: Yeah. Well, that's the first thing I noticed after I said stop was I did it again.
Magan: Because that's the last image that was in my brain.
Magan: My mother had this way of
Magan: breaking my heart with just a look and that look was there.
Magan: And it was just like
Magan: Share the trail. Like, how could you do that to me. How could you say that to me.
Magan: And then I as a little girl and as a woman.
Magan: feel ashamed of myself because I've made my mother feel that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that, that feels like a pretzel up the wrong way that no, you would
Magan: Honestly, how I felt my whole life with her.
Magan: She would do that to me.
Magan: And it
Magan: She could she was very manipulative. That way when you were talking about the manipulation in group.
Yeah.
Magan: It wasn't just me that I was thinking about, I was thinking about all the people in my life that do these things around me and my mother had
Magan: Far too many from this
Magan: And my father, but we're so my mother, but that look was one of those manipulations of that she would always do to me like
Magan: It was almost like she wasn't really hurting, but she didn't want anybody to know the real truth about her. She didn't want anybody to know that she was really a bad mother or a bad person or that she did something wrong.
Magan: So it has to be a secret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your job was to lecture for feeling the truth and anyone knowing the truth.
Magan: Exactly. And that's what that look meant
Magan: I would always tell people, and I still will say it to this day. Nobody really knew my mother. Not even me.
Magan: She was one person behind closed doors, a whole other person in her interpersonal relationships, she never said I love you.
Magan: It was like pulling dead that literally to get her to say I love you. And when she did respond
Magan: And never felt genuine and never felt real it felt forced
Magan: So,
Magan: With her everything just felt manipulative fake
Gwenevere Abriel: So Megan. You know what was true behind all the prep selling whether we call it projected identification all psychology has lovely terms for the phenomenon. But what you felt around your mother was real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Used
Gwenevere Abriel: Right really confused. How can a mother not protect me in love, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever it was,
Magan: That was wrong with all of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's real. You don't have to question that history you felt those things.
Magan: And I wanted it from her more than anybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's biology, we can't. I wish I could tell you there's a switch, that's going to go off. Nope. We want it from parents
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't matter what they do to us. It's biological we won't
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Be able to jump over it.
Magan: Everything is she did.
Magan: Everything I wanted it for her.
Magan: And she didn't even deserve it. She doesn't deserve that she didn't deserve me
Magan: But I wanted her to want me
Magan: I wanted to be enough for her.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She family you
Magan: You were enough
Gwenevere Abriel: You were you are. You're more than enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she was not okay with herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: She made a very poor decision unconsciously to dump that responsibility onto a child for you to take care of her was unhealthy you needed to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you are unconsciously afraid she would abandon you. If you didn't take care of her.
Magan: That I believe that because I feel that way with even like Andrew
Magan: And
Magan: Everybody in my life. I'm afraid to lose everybody
Magan: Even the people that are hurt the truly hurt me.
Magan: I just don't want to be unveiled.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a little bit of time. Not very long. Only a few minutes. When you say I don't want to be on my own. First, let's take, let's take whatever's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's incomplete because we just started right
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take this and let's put it in the
Country.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe put it on the leaf or send it away, which you want to put in the container, lock it up. We visited later.
Magan: Or do you want a good way to put it in the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. So it goes in that container you lock it, you have the key. I have a key. I think to we may both have it.
Magan: I can't do
Gwenevere Abriel: We do this. I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it going to stay in there.
Magan: For now. Yeah, I don't want it to stay there forever, but it's not ready to get on the leaf. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you and I will will visit it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: For now we'll go a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Cognitive Behavioral will lift up from that experiential work you just did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where we reworked the experience of a memory. Okay, and now we're just going to kind of a little bit more superficial will stay out here and we'll just go
Gwenevere Abriel: To that thing you said earlier, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I can find it if you can remember it before I did the container.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, I don't want to be alone. I think it was close to that. What was it you said
Magan: I don't want to be alone.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're wired for that to
Magan: To be alone or not to be alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to be connected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your particular conditioning has made it possible for you to be around people that have a bit neglectful and abusive behaviors are a bit toxic.
Magan: Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just familiar, doesn't mean that's your future, the work you're doing now is changing your expectation about what's possible around, who am I going to bring into my life. What am I going to tolerate in the future. OKAY. YOU'RE NOT THE SAME ISSUE FOR YEARS AGO. YOU ARE CHANGING
Magan: Oh, I know I can feel it. And I've even changing in just the time that I've been in therapy with you and it's bothering. A lot of people
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Magan: It is it's bothering. A lot of people in my life.
Magan: But
Magan: I refuse to apologize for working on myself. Yeah.
Magan: This isn't about anybody else but me. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're going to have you, your ink your confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to go up, you're going to have your children. You're going to raise them in a way that you're proud of. Okay. And you're going to set limits and boundaries in future relationships that you weren't setting before your expectation of what you will tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Can change. I don't know whether you're doing it yet. I don't know. But it's a real possibility with conviction and this
Gwenevere Abriel: defiance to compromise. If you decide to go that route. Yeah, you're gonna piss. Some people off because they like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Accommodate is like
Gwenevere Abriel: It was convenient for them. So don't be surprised when they're irritated. They don't know you. APPLAUSE Oh look sheet. Now they're pissed off, you were
Gwenevere Abriel: You were a giver and now you're an inspector and that's inconvenient. If you want to stay. You're going to piss. Some people off. But you might like you feel proud and enjoy.
Magan: All my boss said something like that. My male boss.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Magan: He said, Megan.
Magan: I have to say that I've been noticing a change in your confidence.
Magan: And he didn't mean it in like an inappropriate way but he's like, it's very attractive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, neat when someone sees it.
Magan: Yeah, and he didn't say it like in like a he's
Magan: Like that. Yeah. It wasn't like that at all.
Magan: It was a very
Magan: Respectful very respectful lover.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, that just makes it therapists so happy. It's like, I've got the natural environment reinforcing it to us. Yay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it because it's organic. Right.
Magan: It. I met and it was almost
Magan: Hate
Gwenevere Abriel: To say that, you know, and now you have, you have to believe that
Magan: Yeah, and it was nice to hear and I even thought like because somebody told me the other day to give is to to truly give is to do without expectation of anything in return.
Magan: And he gave that without expecting anything in return. So it was genuine
Magan: I didn't
Magan: Ask him for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like you accepted it a little part of the gift anyway.
Magan: A little bit of it. Yes, I, I didn't say I didn't say what I would typically said, Say I just turned
Magan: Because I was uncomfortable, but I acknowledged it because that's something I wouldn't do I would just ignore it before or be like oh you're yeah you're talking about of your ass or make a joke out of it or knock myself right but instead I said
Gwenevere Abriel: You did.
I did.
Magan: And that was a
Ticket
Magan: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I want to ask you.
Gwenevere Abriel: As far as your schedule goes, but do you think you're going to be able to meet, maybe, same time, same place march 20
Magan: That's next Friday. It is, yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am march 20
Magan: That's what we'll do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If anything comes up and you need to meet again, let me know. Okay.
Magan: This stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can start it might mean that networks, getting loosened up and it may want to kind of creep on into dream world might want to try and get in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might start to feel relief. You might also start to feel agitated, whatever the observation, you're still doing this right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing wrong with it. Just pay attention, bring it back into therapy. Tell me about it. Write it down. Text me email, whatever you need to do. Just don't go through it alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it would be normal to have an increase reaction to some things that you haven't. Maybe brought up and quite that way before. OK.
Magan: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking forward to seeing you again remind me when I'm going to see on group I kinda want to make a little note of it.
Magan: On a month, the 24th.
Magan: Of March.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's 23 actually already have it on here. I have begun right here on the 23rd. Okay, I'll see you. I'll see you next Friday.
Magan: All right. Thank you.
Bye.
Jackie: Hi. Hey.
Gwenevere Abriel: I close my door. There's no one here, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess they were busy in there. Maybe checking in a group, I think possibly
Jackie: Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how's your week been
Jackie: Um, it's been okay the whole drug testing from last week is still kind of on my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. I completely forgot about it.
Jackie: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not completely, completely, but I mean I didn't write, not the way you're doing it. Like, did she really use drones or something, you know, did she relax.
Jackie: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: More like right before you came in because you were held up in virtual clinic. Last night I was, I was like, Okay, we're not focusing on Jackie today.
Jackie: Obviously, oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, but it was still a nice group. I enjoyed everybody sort of making it a process group more productive, I think. Um, alright, so let me get in here to note for you, but so do you want to kind of start with that. Like if it's been on your mind this week and what what were the thoughts.
Um,
Jackie: I guess I'm kind of bugged that it happened. What did they think, do they think I really did something was on my mind a lot. It was just, I don't know. I wish it never happened. It was a really unpleasant experience. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I noticed she didn't bring it up either he didn't talk with the doc and say, hey, I want to talk to you later. Or maybe you didn't, I didn't see it.
Jackie: Well, I kind of wanted to stay small in that group because I guess for the past couple weeks I felt like a lot of attention was on me. So like
Jackie: Yeah, I just wanted to say to stay small
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, you missed out on a chance to talk about that drug screen and asked her, What do you think of me think imma relapsed off.
Yet
Gwenevere Abriel: checked it out okay um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if we're a treatment plan Review time, we are not, we're good. We can talk about whatever you want. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to continue to see if we can cultivate some of these
Gwenevere Abriel: These protective and nurturing figure, it still seems like it's a loose loose end. And it's so useful to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, can we pick away on it, just a little bit more and see if they can come up with some images.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I remember once we were doing an activity. I think it was probably the the anchor room and a concept of I've got a little notes here. It might even be able to see it of the Buddha came up
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. For you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn. I remember how you phrased it like, Oh, well, he would think about something and then he would like let it go, or something was somewhere in that
Jackie: Yeah, that sounds really familiar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it. Okay. Me too. I, I don't know whether it landed right in one of my like there's certain space in this record that follows the whole time. It doesn't get deleted, and that's where I keep the anchor room and I keep these protective figures, the container and this distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what it made me think about was
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of the Buddha. Do you think of him as a spiritual guide you go, oh, wouldn't that be nice, or I feel that presence in me, like, what does he mean to you.
Jackie: I think he's a spiritual guide, I would say.
Jackie: At least things that I've read, he insightful and he has lots of methods on
Jackie: Like living life and kind of a carefree way not taking things seriously not being weighed down so
Jackie: Kind of a deal for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we start there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he seem like
Gwenevere Abriel: A protective figure what he keeps you safe.
Jackie: I wouldn't say he keep me safe, but he gives me tools to help myself. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you say he has quality of nurturing
Jackie: Know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about this one does it seem like he's a wise figure
Jackie: Definitely. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have here an owl Winnie the Pooh.
Jackie: Oh my God, I forgot I said that I thought that was just something that was in my head.
Jackie: Everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been. I've been embarrassing.
Jackie: I don't know, it sounds funny, later on, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not to me i i really i i could see that really clearly, you know, because I know those particular characters, you know,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And look what you just said you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Insightful which, of course, L has and carefree. My goodness. Isn't that Winnie the Pooh.
Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Definitely just for today. Check and see if you would like. While we do some of this work together. If you, if it's okay to put the phone on don't disturb it's up to you, you just run the risk of it, it might turn your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your audio your video off sometimes it'll do that if if someone tries to get through.
Jackie: Your you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to put your phone on Do Not Disturb
Jackie: Yeah, let me do that really quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just I'd like to say it, just in case people feel like, oh, I didn't want to didn't want to disrupt anything
Jackie: Right. Give me one second. I'm sorry.
Jackie: There we go. I just put it on airplane mode for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I found what do you have an iPhone. What kind of phone you have
Jackie: An iPhone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I found, which I love, like on this screen I do the little, the little moon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, look what it does, it puts it, I think that it says it's on. Do Not Disturb and you can say for, like, I guess, an hour if you hold your finger down
Jackie: Oh my gosh, look, it says until the end of this event going
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, how cool is that
Jackie: That's pretty. Wow. Okay. That's, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know so cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like cuz then write the buzzing and it won't, won't break whatever a little piece we're working on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You you had some embarrassment around Winnie the Pooh, but um
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you pass that
Jackie: Yeah, I do so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now I brought up the Buddha, would you want me to add it to a wise figure, leave it alone.
Jackie: What do you, what would add it for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And with that, we have insightful methods.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: A carefree way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to add anything to that.
Jackie: Not quite. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you scan your landscape of your life. See if you can think of even a mentor someone that really wanted to your growth and your development wasn't contingent on something they got back from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You believed they wanted the best for you.
Jackie: My dad, I guess.
Jackie: Least I think
Jackie: Like he's the first one that comes to my mind. But then at the same time, like there's so many
Jackie: Problems that revolve around them. So like this thought comes from him when I was like really little, like, really, really little, and it didn't last a long time, but he's kind of like the only person that comes up, even if it was for this small period of time because other than that, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: About it. So let me hear the age, you were and the exact image if you had a snapshot of just now.
Jackie: Probably about seven and I just remember like sitting in his truck in I don't remember what we were talking about what I'm pretty sure he said something in it felt like, wow, he really cares
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, he said something and I felt cared for.
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any ambivalence about that memory.
Jackie: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: She recognize it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And doesn't have to be. Dad, it's that image.
Jackie: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: He wanted the best for you without felt like nurturing. He wanted your growth, he, he wanted for you to reach your potential
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, okay. No ambivalence around that memory. Yes. The rest of it. Even the day after. That's a whole other thing. But this one, we've got that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember ever seeing it in anyone else even a glimpse
Jackie: I can say pretty confidently. No.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to fantasy for protective figure for a second wants you to go because you were able to go there with Winnie the Pooh, and the owl go there again go to metaphors to philosophy to images that you've seen could be
Gwenevere Abriel: TV movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up for
Gwenevere Abriel: A protective quality just the quality
Jackie: Big
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we got big BAM.
Jackie: Big is like the main thing that jumps out. It's hard for me to think of anything else. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm going to do is we're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: All say some things and then let's see if we can come up with something. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, mountain
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Jackie: I mean, he's big right yeah
Jackie: Whole thing. Oh yeah, definitely.
Jackie: He's really big.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jesus
Jackie: And not so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: The sun.
Jackie: Nuts allege
Gwenevere Abriel: Planet Earth.
Jackie: That's both like reassuring and scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get a sense that it's a person or an animal.
Jackie: I get a sense it's like
Jackie: Like a fictional person, I guess not like a real person, like the owl was really it was bigger than like Winnie the Pooh and piglet, you know, so, like, maybe not. Maybe not necessarily a person. But just like a character, I guess, I don't know, it sounds really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm having fun, I like I like doing this.
I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Thinking something negative i i'm concerned I care that pulling these images is a challenge for you. So I do think it's important
Jackie: I'm interested to see what we figure out
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's persevere. So, um, something, something worked around Iron Man and the Hulk.
Jackie: I think it's like with the what's in my head that feels comfortable comfortable about those figures is that they're just strong in bigger
Jackie: Like I am pretty sure I don't really watch those movies or anything, but I'm pretty sure they're known for, like,
Jackie: I'm fighting and like protecting and they're the good guys right so they are
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's interesting about the Hulk. And this isn't my my area, but right so he's he's Dr. Brenner, I think it is something like that. And normally, he had ingested something or whatever it was. And when he gets angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: He turns into this, this figure, and yes he does have a protective quality on the people that that he cares about can de escalate that anger. They it's still they're afraid of them. It's really dangerous that they won't be able to bring him down because it's so all consuming
Okay.
Jackie: But he normal person before all that happened.
Jackie: Guy. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he wants, he comes down. He returns back to the shape all the clothes are ripped and torn because he can change.
Jackie: All of making
Gwenevere Abriel: And then he's like, Oh, no, you know what, what happened and kind of forgets. He doesn't know was the big and they call them was the big guy there.
Jackie: I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't remember, you know, and he feels terrible about it.
Jackie: But he's a good guy. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, he's a scientist. He's very smart.
Jackie: He just doesn't remember what happens
Gwenevere Abriel: When he transformed the big guy.
Jackie: I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's keep going. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: What about a seven year old. What about what was missing. Maybe from dad as a protective person. Let's see if we can
Jackie: In general,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, as a protector, what would have been nice that he have
Jackie: Consistency. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would have been nice if dad had been able to protect you as a seven year old what like you have done.
Jackie: I'm stepped in more I'm made my mom.
Jackie: Act different, I guess.
Jackie: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what was the quality of your dad. Most of the time, aside from this one time. But most of the time. What was he
Jackie: Like you, okay.
Jackie: He
Jackie: Chose my mom and whatever she said or did or wanted to do over me and my brother, most of the time. So I don't know how to put that into a word.
I got
Gwenevere Abriel: Excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: How important is loyalty to you.
Jackie: Vital very yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So look big and loyal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, this character this fictional characters physically big
Gwenevere Abriel: And vital is loyalty and that loyalty and bigness shows up consistently. So we've got those is that all sound really true.
Jackie: Definitely, yeah. Loyalty
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a recent maybe movie that you've watched that that had a big character in it. Someone that had some loyalty. And I'm like, Oh, I like this.
Jackie: I watch a lot of scary movies. So it's kind of hard. Let me think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, maybe there's maybe there's a
Jackie: Oh yeah, that could be true. Um,
Jackie: Okay, so there was this really funny. This zombie movie that I watched with my husband.
Jackie: three nights ago and it made me cry so much because there was this dad who had like gotten bitten by a zombie. And he had this little baby that he was carrying on his back, and he was trying to like get to a safe place before he turned into a zombie.
Jackie: The dad wasn't big necessarily, but he was big in the idea that like he was trying to, you know, protect his daughter, despite what was going on with him.
Jackie: Is like the ultimate concern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Alton concerned and does it seem like if we to watch this character over and over, he would do the same thing. Each time he would have chosen the safety of his daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. Okay. So I think this is a good one. So, what what do we call this guy.
Jackie: Like a name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like, because that right now I've got zombie movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I we need him to have some sort of name, like, what is he, what do we call that guy.
Um,
Jackie: Bitten guy. I don't know.
Jackie: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Super dad.
Jackie: Strong, strong, strong man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Copy. Okay, so we're going to go strong man see if this is true so close your eyes and let's let's get some visuals on this. See if it really lands. Pay attention to your body as usual. Jackie, because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to pick up on the BS. If it's trying to please me it's, there's something missing. It's going to court, a land in a tight chest kind of something's going to happen. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm doing it with you and I'm picturing myself being seven
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was president was
Gwenevere Abriel: This strong big man that
Gwenevere Abriel: Was consistent in loyalty
Gwenevere Abriel: To me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Consistent there it is again I can rely on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Strength and protecting me
Gwenevere Abriel: Ultimately, he's concerned about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You took a nice deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's it like to be in that
Gwenevere Abriel: In the presence of an image, such as this, where you can relax because it's so predictable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So consistent
Comforting Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that image to stay there with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what happens with the other pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's picture him there what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: The quality of it. And that's up to you because
Gwenevere Abriel: In your imagery. Let's see what happens. There's you and then there's this predictable, consistent loyal strong
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, and you have this feeling of comfort.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you also have wisdom enter that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the form of the Buddha.
Gwenevere Abriel: In which he brings insight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Skill and methods, how to be carefree
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want, you can also have the hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: From Winnie the Pooh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture them interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice their faces. Notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the sounds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the quality of this team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this imagery also have a lived experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you knew it to be true, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Experienced you're down in the truck as caring for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know you've got real sense of it.
Jackie: It's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do want to do some, some of the MTR with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I neglected to make sure that you have the two because I think you're on a phone, right, or no.
Jackie: No, this is a Mac Book
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can just do my little blue light them. Yay.
Came up today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just moved on.
Gwenevere Abriel: My computer yesterday I was sitting here talking away BA BA BA BA BA and the screen went back
Jackie: Oh fun
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, Okay, what just happened.
Jackie: This computer and I'm not quite used to it. So like I got a phone call during group and it like made everything tiny and I was like, how do I fix this. It was really it was a scramble
Gwenevere Abriel: So I guess I'm that's my lead in to say that everything that I normally have access to is not up
Jackie: One.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though just going to take a second here.
They'll come up when if I type in blue.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see is that the one. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So let me change the we're going to do positive one, so that one will be a little slow. That's what we want.
Gwenevere Abriel: To share the screen. And so the idea is you want to obviously have this. I think it automatically makes your whole screen. My shared image.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we can check it should be.
Jackie: Sitting
Gwenevere Abriel: For your whole screen.
Jackie: I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so let's do this together, let's go back to where we were. Let's go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: That strong
Gwenevere Abriel: insistently loyal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Concerned for your safety and well being at all times consistently loyal.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can rely on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with that interaction with the Buddha.
Gwenevere Abriel: The owl.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that image of your dad as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: That moment at age seven
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're ready, open your eyes. When you're ready,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's really true. You can see everyone interacting and you feel comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's have this light, you want to be looking at it, the furthest left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: hold those images in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale, big belly breath bring that to the bottom of the lungs. Nice. Inhale, and then exhale, it all out your mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your awareness and see how the body is responding
Gwenevere Abriel: See what's happening.
Jackie: It just feels open
Jackie: That's the most noticeable thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to do some work today around
Gwenevere Abriel: A target belief about yourself that's been troubling and I'd like to, I don't have my notes in front of me. I just have you in this light.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once you to correct me.
Gwenevere Abriel: A negative cognition is
Gwenevere Abriel: All never be understood.
Gwenevere Abriel: And correct me. What's one that you have had
Jackie: being understood is huge. To me, and I feel like constantly am always be misunderstood. So I think that's pretty accurate. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: That true
Gwenevere Abriel: True. Okay, now let's see how true from zero to 1010 is absolutely true. I am misunderstood right now hold on to it, how what number you at
Zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, zero is that's not true.
Jackie: Right now, at this moment right
Jackie: Right. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little I'm a little zeroing in on on a
Gwenevere Abriel: Neural Network, a particular image that had its worst, you don't have to tell me what it is. If you don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: It's easier for me to bring it back to it. If you do, but you absolutely have the choice to just stay quiet the seal have the same effect pull up that worst image. Maybe it was when you were six or five or 411 or 12 whenever that was of
Gwenevere Abriel: I misunderstood. It was the most intense
Gwenevere Abriel: Or perhaps at the earliest stage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe move back and forth between the earliest awareness of it and the most intense, are they the same or
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one seems more urgent for you to work through today.
Jackie: I definitely got when it comes up because I think about this, it pops in my head pretty regularly. When I was 14 I don't remember what it was about what I was like screaming and crying and pretty much ripping my hair out like trying to get my mom to
Jackie: Understand something because oh she was lying about something that I didn't do. She had called the cops and said that I was like beating her up.
Jackie: Man, I'm so stressed. I was I was literally like on the floor like banging my head against the floor like don't do this, like, listen to me. Just listen to me and she was just like so caught up in lying and like making like validating her claims and making me look bad and
Jackie: By the time
Jackie: Oh, sorry. Nobody stop.
Jackie: Well, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I do know this one but check in with yourself and see, see if there's a bit more that you want me to know a little bit more. See if there's. Do you want me to hear a little bit more
Jackie: Just that I was so worked up from wanting her to listen and understand what I was trying to get through.
Jackie: And she wouldn't. And then she used that urgency and that me being so like just listened to me against me, because once the cops got there. She was like, look at home, crazy. She's being and it was just me, like, no, just listen. Like, nobody's listening to me here basically
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that
Gwenevere Abriel: Memory that one up there in the high numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay, how you feeling right now what emotion.
Jackie: Right now, I'm just kinda here, it's not really doing a lot when I was talking about it like the top so my thighs were getting tense. And I was like, clenching my stomach a little bit like tightening it
Jackie: They don't know that's a, that's a big one. Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not aware of an emotion right now.
Jackie: Yeah, no, I can't. Name one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. And so we've got some awareness in the tops of the thighs and the stomach and
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief is I misunderstood these cops misunderstand.
Gwenevere Abriel: My mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I misunderstood.
Jackie: Yeah, it was like one fee.
Jackie: Yo, you want
Gwenevere Abriel: And she used your organic response to this confusion against you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you indeed see she she did hit me. She say, Look at her. She's all worked up
Jackie: Yep. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how you're feeling now what emotion.
I'm
Jackie: Like between irritated and disappointed.
Jackie: Okay, really can't stand her and what she's done me. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's hard to get to. What did you want to be believing about yourself at 14 in the presence
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your mother's behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would have been convenient. Had you had access to different belief about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing that comes to mind. Jackie, try not to edit and censor what came up just now.
Jackie: The word confidence. But that doesn't really make sense to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is it okay that it makes sense to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Okay, what does you
Jackie: Know, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's try this on.
Gwenevere Abriel: A different scale one to seven, seven, it's absolutely true unconfident How confident are you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven is yes yes absolute
Jackie: Seven because I'm being very genuine and an open. So seven
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to check in on one piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we were doing the positive imagery with dad in the truck. Was there any resistance there. Did you not bring it in, was it was completely welcomed integrated with everything else.
Jackie: It was open. Yeah, it was. It felt right. It felt comfortable comfortable the mom wasn't there, and it was me and him and
Jackie: Yeah, it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling me didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how, how true is it at age 14 I'm confident
Jackie: I'm pretty little not not very true. I don't think I was really confident back then.
Jackie: I mean number 23232 and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two and a half. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay you ready
Jackie: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to continue at I think I might even slow it down a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: Even going slower. I just want to see what this looks like at this speed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like that. Okay, we're going to do it really slow. And here we go. When we start with eyes close. I'm doing it with you. I'm visualizing with you obviously doing it my own way, but I'm working the same images as you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Worst Picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hold it in that working memory now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to pull up your team now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The Buddha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing how to manage to cope, the right method to again feel carefree
Gwenevere Abriel: And the owl.
Gwenevere Abriel: From Winnie the Pooh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at age seven that exact memory deed.
Gwenevere Abriel: My dad caring for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this awareness of
Gwenevere Abriel: Big strong man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Consistently
Gwenevere Abriel: Presenting with loyalty
Gwenevere Abriel: Concern for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Consistently
Gwenevere Abriel: See them interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: And pull up that worst image and open your eyes.
When you're ready,
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale, with me right into the belly. Nice big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, nice and slow. All of it out flat belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just notice what's coming up.
Jackie: I'm sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad emotion. What do you notice in your body.
Jackie: My body's not tense or loose or anything right now. I guess I'm open to whatever it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok wants you to pull up that WORST piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst image I want you to hold a positive cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: unconfident
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst image I'm confident
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you right now.
Jackie: That was difficult for me because
Jackie: To feel so am I supposed to be making myself feel confident in that situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if that tell me what happened. Just, just tell me
Jackie: It was just difficult because I couldn't feel confident while thinking of that well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't feel confident
Gwenevere Abriel: To go with that. I can't feel confident. What I want you to do is pull up your team. See if there's someone who can help you and ask them a direct question, you can say it out loud. It's up to you. I can feel confident and pull you up, pull up your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can use them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then nice and slow emptied all out the long have
Gwenevere Abriel: You observed what is going on. What do you observe
Jackie: The way that event happened in my head to feel
Jackie: To have that team there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Change the event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, we're going to go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up the WORST piece of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This time tried talking out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: uncensored
Gwenevere Abriel: as they come up.
Jackie: I'm ignoring her not letting her affect me because it's just going to make me
Jackie: feel worse in the long run. There's a lot of wisdom there that I'm getting from this team.
Jackie: To help me deal with her in the situation.
Jackie: I'm being told not to waste that kind of emotion on her because she's more than likely feeding on it and validating herself by it.
Jackie: It would just with them. I'm being
Jackie: Directed to just go in a different room and completely shut her out.
Jackie: I'm glad it's happening. Ignore her because that will probably make her feel bad.
Jackie: That's what she doesn't want she likes the attention and she likes having that effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: You advice on what to do in that room you're in the room who's going to help you feel relaxed thighs relaxed chest piece. Confident Who knows how to help
Jackie: Buddha. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does this entity do for you.
Jackie: He just gives me wisdom, he tells me he gives me tips and
Jackie: Says,
Jackie: Just she's giving me information tools on how to handle this situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up in the quiet space after the exhale
Jackie: Here's like a little bit of disrupted me kind of
Jackie: Uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm confident
Jackie: Six.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's at a six.
Jackie: It think because I'm feeling these things that I personally can't connect and doesn't really make sense to me.
Jackie: So like, I'm like, Is this right
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this right and to go with that she did pull up that worst image. This is a part of the desensitization.
Gwenevere Abriel: And pull up that worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it right that I feel confident
Gwenevere Abriel: hold those in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming up for you.
Jackie: When I put confidence are saying
Jackie: Does it feel right to feel confident in this situation, made me feel bigger than her because yes it does feel right to be confident in that situation.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a bigger person.
Gwenevere Abriel: What a neat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Entry of the common phrase right
Be
Jackie: Noticed that yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a bigger person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not stooping to the other level just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I'm I'm right to be confident. What's happening could make a girl crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Could make her doubt herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, it feeds her
Gwenevere Abriel: But more importantly,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you remain defiant inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the craziness. If you stay in there and it's right for me to become I don't need to doubt myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you stay in that space of I understand what I need. I understand what's going
On
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any doubt that you are seeing craziness around you.
Jackie: Wholeheartedly. There's no doubt that I was seeing craziness around me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check your body and will end today with that sort of scanning
Jackie: I feel okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Noticing the body feels okay
Gwenevere Abriel: About those size.
Jackie: They're not tight my toes were kind of curled for a minute. But, I mean, it doesn't. I don't feel tension anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's check in does anything need to be sent on a distancing metaphors anything needs to be put in a container that we visited later just check in with yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what needs to be done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any sort of
Jackie: That's it.
Jackie: Situation with my mom in particular needs to go away for two later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you want it in the box or in a container.
Jackie: And the container will put in the container because that thing's pretty strong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah. So we'll put it in there. So, picture right the strength and wisdom and ability to be able to put it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it stays in
The
Jackie: Look it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lock it on up. You can see it in there. I think it used to be a jar thank or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure you can see it in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are ready, and of course I'll probably invite it a when you're ready, you set that tone you decide when you're ready to bring it out again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll stand there until then.
Jackie: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've got a minute here. My next client hasn't shown up. Why don't you tell me a little bit about what's important for you what
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of just look at at the events today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what feels important for you.
Jackie: Out of what happened today.
Jackie: There's something about that big thing.
Jackie: I don't know what it is, but I'm intrigued about that. I never made that connection. So there's something about that that I'm interested in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that were a big maybe sitting with that. Just let that you know you had a
Gwenevere Abriel: Big was this protective figure and then you were the bigger person.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's something about it. That's really landing so
Jackie: Definitely big feels safe.
Jackie: Really does
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have any chance to sort of move in to that more just see if you recognize your adult self. This is the self as well. I won't get into the too many metaphors right at this final out moment here, but I want you to see if you find yourself being
Gwenevere Abriel: Big throughout the day, just see, oh, this feels big I FELT BIG just noticing group, you said I wanted to be small.
Jackie: I feel
Jackie: A lot of the time throughout the day. I consider myself big because I'm doing what I'm doing. And I feel like
Jackie: I move with intention. So I think that's big. But I can feel when I want to be small to like group, for example.
Gwenevere Abriel: Play with that part of being big might be that I have choice. I get to decide how big I am how small I am whereas before you may have been without that choice, but now you get to decide on your terms how you want to show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Do you want to continue meeting go back to 11 or 10 or whenever that was, I don't
Jackie: I kind of like nine
Gwenevere Abriel: On Friday, yeah.
Jackie: Yeah, I like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's see. Yes. Sure do.
Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what I'll do is I'll probably offer the 11 o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then if something changes down the line. There might be a week window where there's an adjustment period, but otherwise I'm offer that to someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome. Well, enjoy your weekend and I'll see you on group.
Jackie: Thank you for your time. Have a good one.
You too. Bye.
Nicole Roybal: Hello.
Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how am I finding you today.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I've been
Nicole Roybal: sick all week.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me with that man is that mean
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, I've been like waking up or sometimes just throughout the day, like after maybe after smoke the cigar and I even after I spoke, sir. I just like feel really nauseous like yesterday.
Nicole Roybal: I was sitting here and I just tried to eat like because I was hungry and I just tried to eat a couple like checks mix and then as soon as I took the second bite. I had to run to the bathroom and throw up.
Nicole Roybal: And then every time I brush my teeth and I tried to brush my tongue and it's a gag. And then I throw up. And I just like I literally can't eat until like four o'clock and then that's when I go find me eat without it coming back up.
That's
Gwenevere Abriel: How long has it been this way, Nicole.
Nicole Roybal: Three days. Well, because Monday. It happened and then I'll sign on Tuesday I was fine and then it's on Wednesday, it happened again I don't know when I'm at home what Daniel I feel better, but it's weird. I don't think he has anything to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you see said it doesn't happen when you're at the apartment.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, but like I was at the party yesterday morning when it happened, but he wasn't here like as long as I'm like around him. I feel better, sometimes when I'm around him right now and I oh it's morning I was am whatever talk, you don't feel good.
Nicole Roybal: I threw up this morning to sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just make sure you have something next to you, even during this appointment, make sure it's really dandy.
Nicole Roybal: I'm drinking water, but that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Something to throw up in if it were to happen.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. I haven't touched
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been looking to see environmentally enter personally if there's a pattern, but it doesn't sound like there's too much of a pattern there. And you're sure that it's not one of those obvious ones of I'm pregnant. You're sure it's not
Nicole Roybal: Them hoping not
Nicole Roybal: I don't have my period. But people say that they had their periods still
Nicole Roybal: Need to be pregnant. So I do want to go get a test just to be sure. Cuz
Nicole Roybal: I am I'm frickin starving myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Nicole Roybal: I did get that appointment scheduled
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really,
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. When is it. Who is it with
Nicole Roybal: So I couldn't get a physical exam because I guess when you're a new patient, you have to like have a new patient
Nicole Roybal: Appointment first and then they do the physical exam.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know why, but um it's with Marissa Romero
Nicole Roybal: On March 24 okay let me just get those scheduled
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me write this down. I'm gonna I'm gonna write that down.
Nicole Roybal: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I just can't move fast enough here. I want to get internet friend around kind of see where I put this
Nicole Roybal: I get that she's timing everything and I'm trying to write it down and she's just saying it so fast. I'm just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna put it here. Okay. Alright so today is three slash 620 client schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the last name of the physician again.
Romero
Gwenevere Abriel: Marrow AND IT'S MARCH what
Nicole Roybal: 24th.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fourth what time
Nicole Roybal: At two o'clock.
Nicole Roybal: 145 chicken.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see what what day is it Tuesday or something right that's Tuesday. So that doesn't throw off your group any
Nicole Roybal: No, yeah, I made sure not to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. Got it. All right. Amber thinking that's just going to be an initial, initial new patient
Gwenevere Abriel: Evaluation, but don't don't hesitate it to still say everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm nauseous. I mean, they have to address it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I told that girl on the phone that that's been happening. So she's, like, make sure you tell the doctor everything and try to keep like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Journal
Nicole Roybal: A chart. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please do. Because they're going to want to know duration and definitely you know when your menstrual cycle was in any other and your things. But, you know, letting letting them know you know that you're also in on the MIT program on the Suboxone will be helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, so tell me some things you like about what you have been doing this week. Start with them.
Nicole Roybal: At one more thing to say, I'm sorry.
Nicole Roybal: No scheduled what well woman exam, just because I guess I'm due for a Pap smears. It's been like four years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. When's that
Nicole Roybal: That's on March 27 of writing.
Nicole Roybal: So, but I scheduled that too. So don't interfere with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you said 27th, at what time
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: What time oh two o'clock or they said on your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Boop well woman for an exam. Excellent. What was it like for you to schedule these
Nicole Roybal: It just took a long time. Honestly, I'm calling like Office after office like oh no we don't accept your patience. Oh, no.
Nicole Roybal: There is always some excuse as to why they couldn't accept a new patients. I finally like the fifth one I called finally they were like, oh, yes, we can get you on. It was a loveless
Nicole Roybal: I've never been to love this before.
Gwenevere Abriel: You felt what
Gwenevere Abriel: On the second, the third, and the fourth time. How are you feeling emotionally
Nicole Roybal: Irritated
Gwenevere Abriel: When. What did you tell yourself that you ended up making that this call.
Nicole Roybal: Just keep trying, because one of them's gonna
Nicole Roybal: Have to I'm gonna have to eventually find somewhere that's going to accept new patients just like having hope, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: have hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did work out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yep. All right. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a look at this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what you liked about what you did in did includes all things. What I thought what I did, how I felt all of it. But what you liked about what you were doing last week, right up until right now all of it. I'm interested in
Nicole Roybal: Okay, um, was mainly just been at my grandma's house, honestly. And what I like about it is I'm spending time with them and it makes me feel happy because I missed them. I hadn't I hadn't really been seeing them at much like the past years.
Nicole Roybal: Four years probably and I've never really saw them so it's nice to for the past month and a half. I've been seeing them every day, almost
Nicole Roybal: So that makes me really happy. But it also makes me sad to see my grandmother. She is but
Nicole Roybal: I leave someone there to help
Gwenevere Abriel: So happy and sad.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you like that you're going there.
Nicole Roybal: I'm just sending going like spending time with them and then it. Plus, it takes me away from everything else and it distracts me
Nicole Roybal: Okay. And it's just something to do with my day, like how you were saying I can't just be sitting at home all day. I
Nicole Roybal: When I'm there, I'm not. I never sit down. I'm always cleaning doing something so constantly say definitely like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Kind of sit there and think about crazy things.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you not liked about you what you've done and what you thought this week.
Nicole Roybal: I didn't like that. I didn't like me all like the goals are. I do all the things I'm supposed to do this week. I guess that was supposed to get that whole
Nicole Roybal: Insurance thing figured out with my grandparents, so I could get start getting paid to be there caretaker, but that's not really here nor there. So something
Nicole Roybal: I don't know.
Nicole Roybal: That's something I didn't like about myself, cuz I told myself I was going to do that. And it kind of made me down on myself because I didn't done. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: But I'm I'm going over there right after therapy today and my sister and I helped me get it done. So sometime
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's the they're just
Nicole Roybal: Helping out with my parents, my grandparents house.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you're able to, I won't have the right wording there at your grandparents house you're able to apply for the ability to be a caregiver.
Nicole Roybal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: At your grandparents house.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, well, I have to call their insurance and talk to them and they send someone over to like evaluate. See what needs they need that needs to be met and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Nicole Roybal: So I did figure out exactly what to do and what they're going to do. I just have to schedule it
Gwenevere Abriel: So scheduling it so scheduling the time to go over there.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. And then also, I'm like I needed to know. Like all their medical history and all that stuff. And my sister has all that information. My older sister. So I was waiting for her to send that to me, she never did. But she's going to be there today so
Nicole Roybal: We could both do it, get it figured it out.
Nicole Roybal: She's there peel a whatever that is.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the negative thought was that
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a disappointment and yourself. But I did hear that there was a bit more complicated than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: There were some pieces that weren't completely contingent on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's also your sister, or is that not true. And maybe you could have done it on your own.
Nicole Roybal: No, I couldn't enough because I don't know. I don't want them to ask me questions, and my grandparents on a lot of pills. So if they asked about all that kind of stuff. I wasn't going to know
Nicole Roybal: And there was like no point
Nicole Roybal: Sorry, I just want to clear
Gwenevere Abriel: So help me understand why you landed on I'm disappointed in myself when out loud, you're able to see very clearly.
Nicole Roybal: As possible.
Nicole Roybal: Um, I don't know. I guess I just like I could have tried harder to bug. My sister for that information. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: All right, maybe that's
Nicole Roybal: Because, are you going to dig deep and i don't know i figured out
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how are you doing around
Gwenevere Abriel: The addictive thinking how frequently throughout the day. Is it coming into your mind.
Nicole Roybal: And trying
Gwenevere Abriel: To go to the dark side.
Nicole Roybal: Usually at night, always. Honestly, because we're not like like how you said like be at my grandparents. I'm away from everything like that. So I don't even doesn't really crossed my mind when I'm there.
Nicole Roybal: But then once I leave and I'm back home in environments like even at the apartment sometimes to just because like I
Nicole Roybal: Was drinking when I was living here most of the time, you know, so being back here, I'm just like, I want a shot, but I it's not possible, even if I wanted to. So
Nicole Roybal: Of course, it's possible, but I'm not going to. But yeah, just the craziness. You hit a lot at night, especially if I can't sleep at night and I'm just laying there.
Nicole Roybal: And I might start to tell me, Oh, if you drink, you'll be able to fall asleep. You'll feel better and i'm just like No, don't need that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Especially at night when I can't sleep.
Mm hmm.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm laying there. Wait, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often is that that this is this is happening this difficulty going to sleep. And how long are you having to stay awake.
Nicole Roybal: Um, well, I haven't been having that much trouble sleeping lately because every waking up earlier like what my grandmas and stuff and get
Nicole Roybal: Red. So that's been helping me sleep, but just like
Nicole Roybal: Just sometimes like you know like it just, it just crosses my mind. And then once it crosses my mind it tries to stay there and I'm just like go away. I'm trying to like put it on that shelf like you guys taught me.
Nicole Roybal: And it's just, it is hard. It's hard, but I know that it will be harder to
Nicole Roybal: What is it called them to relapse or a slip and get back on track. That would be even harder to do. So it's not worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I would say the visualization isn't really a shelf so much as it is, if you want is to put it in the container, which is a lock box with a key.
Nicole Roybal: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's do one more, one more thing that doesn't seem to be in here. I don't see your distancing metaphor in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can add that. So you've got a lock box with a key.
Where you can put
Gwenevere Abriel: So we take whatever that messages. Oh, you'll go to sleep. If you have a shot and take that and you say, you know, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're an ass getting the box or talk to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thanks a lot. You're going to set me back. You know, I got to go through all this nonsense. Again, thanks a lot. You really really care about me jerk.
Gwenevere Abriel: rather not be a friendly conversation because
Gwenevere Abriel: Never sever ties. Eventually, but I'll work with what we've got. So you get it in the Lockbox and then let's add this I'm going to put this in this particular note space that doesn't go anywhere. I'm really surprised I didn't already do it with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a distancing metaphor. And that is something like that. So you have this box.
Gwenevere Abriel: As one metaphor one symbol for what to do with some of that negative thinking or negative emotion or a negative memory. But there's also this idea of of
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting some distance between a feeling, and it might be. I'm on the shore of a river, and on a leaf kind of floating sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: past me and down in a way into a distance that I can't see it anymore. Is that thought. Another one inside a helium balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put a little note in there and drop it up and let it go and it floats away sort of slowly, you know, you can see a distance. And finally, it's a little dot you can't even see it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it's on a train.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's passing by. It's moving down the track the sound gets quieter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can't see it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: spaceship out of the atmosphere really fast.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A car. Yeah, you get it yours.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, that is where you have
Gwenevere Abriel: To think of something that was no pressure, you get to take your time.
Nicole Roybal: Like I don't. I've never like done that for thought of it that way. So,
Think something like passing by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Distance metaphor.
Nicole Roybal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is near on your mind. Notice how you were saying things like
Gwenevere Abriel: I was asking it to go over here and notice it wasn't very far away. You were picturing it on a shelf shelf so far away. We want this thing that gets further and further away from us. We want to put that image in there and we can be focusing our attention on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So another one just to brainstorm, you're in a car and you're heading this direction and you see this negative. Right. It comes by Sean
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's in the back. And you can see in the rearview mirror is you're heading this way you can see it in the rearview mirror Scott and smaller and smaller, and you can barely hear it as it is. Talk to you, but it just kept moving
Nicole Roybal: And that's funny. As I was just thinking about like a car. Somebody else thinking Ferrari or some thing and it's in the car.
Nicole Roybal: Driving off and getting farther and then you can't hear the motor
Nicole Roybal: And then we go, I don't know. I had to put it in such a fancy car, but I don't want it to be comfortable
Nicole Roybal: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You may. It goes fast for already know.
Nicole Roybal: Right, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can always change it later. I mean, it's your imagination. You can do whatever you want in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the point is, so I noticed you went like this. So if you're here. Where are you, while this for our is going like this. What do you were you
Nicole Roybal: Thinking just standing on the road.
Nicole Roybal: And that's because I'm standing there and
Nicole Roybal: I stay there, like in a certain the same place, and then it passes by me. Got it.
Nicole Roybal: Said about fills in my brain like
Nicole Roybal: Like little me Buzz or something like there's the brain and then a little amoeba passes by.
Nicole Roybal: Hey, you want a drink and it's just like, no, and the brain stays and it just keeps going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact, it's not like this, it's
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Well, I was thinking like a me buzz like floating around. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's wrong, but I'm saying what you picked for a metaphor is speed.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, exactly. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to want to go there and have it go by very fast. And then what you do is you go back to feeling what it's like to be on the side of the road, and that would be where you bring in the imagery of
Gwenevere Abriel: The adult self right what used to be kind of Gwen where you've absorbed it you've kind of pulled in this adult self into you.
Nicole Roybal: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Your best friend, Tiffany.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're strong
Right, and it's
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just sit there with that imagery and you build it up like what would I be wearing what would we be standing there, why are we on the road. What are we doing over here.
Nicole Roybal: And how does it feel it with Tiffany who really
Gwenevere Abriel: sees that strengthen me
Gwenevere Abriel: And Tony Stark.
Nicole Roybal: And how you went out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all yeah
Nicole Roybal: Oh, good.
Night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both because what it's doing. It makes Philly. But I'll tell you what you're busy. There ain't nobody really saying go get a drink either, so what what so different, have a fun image and so that Tony Stark maybe
10 or something, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what he does. But, you know,
Maybe you take
Gwenevere Abriel: And how I meant I was like, don't touch my hands.
Nicole Roybal: Oh my god. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he cracks a joke. You know, how would how would Tony Stark with his, his snarky little attitude right he's kind of an asshole and and he's really smart, though, and then how it how he kind of laugh at the whole picture. Like what kind of joke. Would he tell about this.
This whole scenario. You know what I mean.
Nicole Roybal: Can make a pun some type of way.
Nicole Roybal: Of intelligence to. Yeah, it does.
You go there instead. Cool.
Nicole Roybal: And you do it, then you do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you giggle. And then you remember other things.
Nicole Roybal: In the
Gwenevere Abriel: Right any exercise and you read then you watch TV, then you, you make your bed, then you mess up the bed and you're like,
And then
Nicole Roybal: I know I've been cleaning like crazy. It's like it's gone so much worse. Now I'm not drinking I, sir. It's all like I just clean and once I start cleaning. Oh my god, I go crazy nuts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there it is risky and I know people sometimes will turn into this whole like compulsive behavior and we'll definitely will keep an eye on it okay for now I'm so grateful that you have a business that you're staying busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can replace it with something else. Let's do it. If you want to register for cooking school. You know, because
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever, but I like the distraction.
Nicole Roybal: And then I like these new apartments, we're going to be moving into they have a gym in there as well as we are now don't so I'm so excited for that. I don't have to go walk down the road and walk downstairs to the gym.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you mean by way
Nicole Roybal: Daniel cuz we're moving into a new apartment and I can't as a month.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, well, he is we are, I don't know, every time we say we both say when I don't know we're not sure. Still, we're still trying to work out the kinks in our relationships so
Nicole Roybal: Okay, what
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to talk about that. Where do you want to focus today. We can go anywhere you want. It can be this whole thing of
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've got you've got some interesting things like what I call these sort of target things that you've said throughout the time we've been together, which is like, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to go do this thing, because I'll end up not liking it. Well, it's not like you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Avoiding being in a relationship, for sure, then you're not going to like Daniel or, you know, if I spend time with my grandmother and I won't like my ground. Yeah, you do you do with a couple of things which might be an excuse to actually kind of dive into the
Nicole Roybal: Higher yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So normally, you know that if you're bullshitting yourself. You're going to have to, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can only push so hard.
Nicole Roybal: I know, I know. And I get where you're at, I hear you, I hear what you're saying. And I feel like it's you're probably right. But I don't know. I'm just so scared of
Nicole Roybal: Failing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yo, why because we're all like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah flow normal and not only fear of failure, but also it can even be afraid to succeed on top of that. So it's really complicated.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's you playing God, believe it or not.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can, you know, the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you have ever predicted that you meet when a year that we would have this little conversation you be talking to some weird lady in Florida. Did you have any idea that was going to be happening. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you don't know what's coming, either just stay curious about it just come back to the moment. What do I like what do I like about right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. Believe it or not, those minutes will gather up and then that day will have passed and you will have liked it or you will not have you will have decided to do this imagery that we played with five minutes ago or fed
Gwenevere Abriel: You would have stuck your thumb out with that Ferrari and said in your cute little outfit.
Gwenevere Abriel: For me, let me that's a hot car, we can have some fun. You decide what imagery
Nicole Roybal: Or maybe I could be in the car passing by the thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. That's what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then add imagery, you wanna, You want me to switch it
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that one.
Nicole Roybal: Better because then I'm in the badass car comfortable having fun and they're out there in the cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Raggedy
Nicole Roybal: an impasse by
Gwenevere Abriel: Your shoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will hose in
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it. So there we go. I am driving past
There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm in a nice car driving past. Do you want a drink, you want to drink. Nice, nice ice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So Nicole. There's lots of areas that we can we can spend time in, I want you to really turn inward. I'm going to do the same. Okay, I'm going to be quiet. I want you to be quiet, not having to giggle not having to apologize for anything. There's no wrong way for you to be a client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just impossible. There's nothing to be sorry for
Gwenevere Abriel: turn inward and see with the moment that you have with this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you can be a taker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just scan the landscape of your mind and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Sir information you want. Is there an experience you want you're feeling that you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see what your truth is
Nicole Roybal: I know there's so much stuff going on in my life right now. It's hard to just pick one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's do this, let's all agree they're all important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Now I want you to say which one puts my mental health in jeopardy. Which one puts my physical health in jeopardy.
Nicole Roybal: Well, physical health.
Nicole Roybal: Because of how I've been like go sick all week and I'm still pushing myself to get up and go to my grandmas and
Nicole Roybal: Go help and I you know I have to take the bus of it and it's three buses. They take and it just takes a lot out of me. And I don't know if that's what's maybe been making me sick because I've just been exhausted exerting myself and even if I don't feel good. I still get up and go
Nicole Roybal: I feel like you said, I come first, I need to make sure I'm okay. I haven't been doing that this week.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I need to rest.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah okay and
Gwenevere Abriel: Take care of my body.
Nicole Roybal: Now, and I do like as soon as I get home. I'll try to eat something, I'll just lay down and like I went to bed at like 730 the other night.
Nicole Roybal: So,
Nicole Roybal: I feel good. Today though I slept really good lesson. It was I sold during that part but
Gwenevere Abriel: What else remember the question. Let's see if you can tether back to it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I'm
Nicole Roybal: I liked the Daniels and then you say it department more lately.
Nicole Roybal: But every time I go back to my mom's I feel like the cravings are even worse than they were. And I haven't been there as much. I've been at the apartment, a lot more than anything, but when I do look back to my mom's I find myself.
Nicole Roybal: Thinking about it more, I guess.
Nicole Roybal: So that's why I literally like when I went to bed at 730 rather than I think that was Monday night or Tuesday night. I can't remember, but, um, because I just didn't want to be around it. I just want to just go to bed and just get away from everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I'm hearing is you have a current trigger in your life.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The current one. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd like to do a little em Dr around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have the ability to have a surface and your to two objects, right next to the phone about shoulder width, you have something that you can create
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I would just have to move the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Take your time.
Nicole Roybal: I have it set up in like my makeup bad like it's so get over it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now are you comfortable. The way you're seated.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can turn that down just a touch more so I see less of the ceiling and more of your body only want to kind of keep an eye on your breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the objects are right next to the phone in there. If your hands went straight out from your shoulders are about shoulder width apart.
Nicole Roybal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me watch your eyes when you look left and right, and I just don't want them to be strained.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they hurting. When you do that,
Nicole Roybal: A little bit on the side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't make a wider don't make a minor you sit back
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Nice. Nice. Nice. I love that adjustment. Okay, now look at those tops of those objects and see if it's straining your eyes.
Nicole Roybal: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, nice. Okay, so let's let's go around this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this one. And I remember there's no wrong way to do it. So the key is not to censor, you get to let me earn my living. I'll do the analysis for you today. I'll guide us home. How about we go here. How about we go there. Okay, you get a little break. Okay.
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Candy.
Nicole Roybal: Tissue
Nicole Roybal: A little bit here. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the current triggers is
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're at Daniel's right now. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to picture I'm closing my eyes and doing the same kind of thing here with you and I'm picturing
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm making my way to the House.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture making your way to your family of origin, home to that home that you've been staying
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up for you when that trigger escalates, and what belief or thought comes to mind.
Nicole Roybal: So when I'm on my way over there.
Nicole Roybal: I usually take the bus, and when I get off the bus drops you off right there and have officers. I used to buy my liquor app.
Nicole Roybal: That does not help at all.
Nicole Roybal: Say, literally, I'll get off. And I'll just see actually cross the street to get to like the Walgreens and stuff so I won't cross the street. I was turning right there and just keep going, mature. I don't even go to those stores will
Nicole Roybal: Just never I'm coming when I know I'm going to my mom's house. It's like my mind is like, Oh, you're on your mom. Do you think that no one will judge you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and we got from making a right turn. Is it happening then or when you realize I'm going to my mom's no one will judge you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, when I realized I'm good. Because yeah, because my mind already knows I'm going to my mom's so once I get off the bus and I'm right next to all those liquor stores. It's like
Nicole Roybal: That's what it tells me, like, Oh, well, you're going to your mom's it'll be fine. It's just like, No, it won't because I'm going to get mad at me, I'm gonna judge me like
Nicole Roybal: But, well, I think matters because if they don't care if I drink, then obviously, they don't care. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and that's
Gwenevere Abriel: On me that yeah you're you've been kind of playing with some different ways of thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do some imagery around that. So you're getting off the bus.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the thought you've got visual cues that are happening and and this is not your fault. It's just that you have some connections to drinking associated with those stores getting off of that bus stop and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's been, I get to go home and and I can drink and no one's going to judge me there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so so picture. Some of the cues.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can picture the store, maybe, maybe even before you get to that neighborhood. See, see how early we can catch this
Gwenevere Abriel: See if it's all the way to getting on the bus. Let's see how far back.
Nicole Roybal: No, I'm not thinking about it when I'm on the bus. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: It's just as soon as my foot steps off that bus and I know I'm on that side of town, okay, don't worry. It's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to know that I'm here.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so. But you do know when the foot is on that side of town.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get into it really, really notice as soon as that. Right. You can feel it. Hitting, hitting the ground take in the smells of that environment as part of town. What you see what you hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Writing that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the beliefs about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the thoughts don't censor it
Nicole Roybal: I believe. Okay, so at first i feel i
Nicole Roybal: Feel or believe. I don't know. Cuz I feel weak because I'm still having these thoughts, and I guess I believe I'm being weak because I still have the stocks and what the hell, like I should be able to
Nicole Roybal: Go to one of those stores without worrying about having to even think that. And so in that way. I feel weak and then it makes me but then I believe I'm stronger than that because I'm not doing it and I am making sure that turn the other way that I don't
Nicole Roybal: Let those thoughts overcome me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're gonna stay right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it can be annoying that I slow things down so much, but we can get some good work in there. When we do that, okay.
Nicole Roybal: No, you have to do that with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have this nice breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to really get into, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: An intentional loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just really sit with that I'm intentional I'm loving and caring
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm an intentional loving and caring person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm an intentional loving and caring client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to go to this this negative cognition. That's the belief, you just said, which is this. I'm weak.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's the negative ones just stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to picture what you were doing before, which was getting off the bus and you had a scent and you really got into that imagery. Right.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is, is it true, try and answer my question. Don't do analysis.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it true right now on a scale of zero to 10 How true is it I am weak first number is it what for okay beautiful and how true is it right now, different scale one to seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am strong seven being absolutely true.
Nicole Roybal: Well, six actually six. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Six is I'm strong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for us, I'm week. Yeah. Do you know why it's not a three on the week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why it's not lower
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Nicole Roybal: Like I can you said right now, but I guess I did over analyze like I can be week but i know i'm not i'm not i'm not always week everyone
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, it's weird. It's hard. I'm over analyzing and it's hard not to
Gwenevere Abriel: And then don't analyze just try to answer my guiding question, which is this listen closely to how I phrase it
Gwenevere Abriel: How is it that you know
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not a three or a two in weakness, first thing that comes to mind. What was it
Nicole Roybal: I don't know, honestly. That's what came to mind. I don't know. There's no reason as to why I just
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. I said, feel like
Nicole Roybal: Because I feel like it's right in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no, you're getting hung up on the number
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay, you're okay okay listen closely.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can figure out in your mind right
Gwenevere Abriel: Logically,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe your grandma or grandpa was to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, Nicole. You're not a three because
Gwenevere Abriel: Blah, blah, blah. What would they say
Nicole Roybal: Go through be less week right
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Nicole Roybal: They would say that I am zero because I'm not weekend. I'm stronger than that and
Nicole Roybal: They know that
Nicole Roybal: Just
Nicole Roybal: Being down on myself because they know that I'm a strong woman and I always tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: tell by the way you're saying you don't believe them. So, let's go. Go back to you.
Nicole Roybal: Just look hard to believe it about myself. I guess I don't really have
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay here. Stay here. Let's do it again. I know it's uncomfortable and awkward. It's a weird question massage therapists do
Gwenevere Abriel: So instead of four I'm week
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know it's not an eight.
Nicole Roybal: Because I know I'm not we that we
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know
Nicole Roybal: Because of what I've accomplished.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
What have you
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you give me evidence
Nicole Roybal: We've been thinking. Uh huh. So I've been tapering down. I might go content, even though sometimes gets to me but still just have to get through it. Yeah, pushing myself.
Nicole Roybal: Every single day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, every single day.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, trying to push away those thoughts and push the good ones.
Are
Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture the most intense or the earliest time
Gwenevere Abriel: That you felt week
Gwenevere Abriel: earlier stage, sometimes they're not the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes the most intense. It's not the earliest stage. Sometimes they're the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm week
Nicole Roybal: Rather throughout the week.
Gwenevere Abriel: The most intense image.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just hold it and you don't need to say it out loud. You just pull it up, which gives you permission to go there without having anyone else know about it, you just hold it, pull it up in your awareness, the exact worst part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to do some positive imagery. So I want you to pull up your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that worst limit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that means pulling up
Gwenevere Abriel: The adult self of caring
Gwenevere Abriel: That means pulling in, Tiffany.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tony and Howie
Gwenevere Abriel: Having
Gwenevere Abriel: All of you interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: Course, of course, the giggles. Fantastic. That means you're free really getting into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn away from being present with the giggle that laughter is a part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you have that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Like the worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of that memory of when you proceed yourself this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to open your eyes. And I want you to look at the top.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of those containers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there'll be other sounds. That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold them as best you can, in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together, big belly breath breathe the air in the bottom of your lung.
Gwenevere Abriel: An exhale all of it out and I stopped really slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with the quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what thoughts or beliefs or awareness comes up.
Nicole Roybal: As towards pretending towards what me click what beliefs. I have about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What came up
Nicole Roybal: Um, well, cuz I thought that I was thinking, you know, when I was weak.
Nicole Roybal: And then having my team. They're just like telling me, basically, I guess I'm time myself.
Nicole Roybal: That
Nicole Roybal: I wasn't a bold house vulnerable spot that time my life and I got through it and look at me now I'm stronger now. And where's that person probably on the streets.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that, again, go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up your team.
Just a little further. I want you guys to get her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just try something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole what's coming up for you right now.
Nicole Roybal: Welcome
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, notice you feel calm.
Nicole Roybal: There's, there's not really any bad thoughts in my head.
Nicole Roybal: You got a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and you said you have some some good thoughts.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, just like how you said to have the team or whatever. And it's just like, I guess what I'm imagining is them just kind of giving me pep talks and looking around and just, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: A little crazy for having people in my head, but
Nicole Roybal: It works.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did they say
Nicole Roybal: Well, they were just motivating me telling me. Look at how much I've achieved and even though it's not as much as I would have liked to know exactly where I would have liked to be but
Nicole Roybal: At least I'm here and I'm healthy. And I'm not drinking anymore and I can better my life now like stop being a baby and just
Nicole Roybal: Do what you gotta do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop being a baby works for you. That doesn't feel offensive.
Nicole Roybal: I'm not when I'm telling it to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now I want to go current trigger you now know your foot has hit that side of town.
Gwenevere Abriel: You pull that team up. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Oh, probably
Gwenevere Abriel: The tops of the just your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hit that part of town.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then bring your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep the team and the awareness.
Nicole Roybal: My heart pounding. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember to turn towards one of them are all of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask questions. If you need to tell them what you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Nicole Roybal: It's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's hard, tell me what's going on right now.
Nicole Roybal: Being away from everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I've been doing it, boo.
Nicole Roybal: Oh god, I hate that I can't
Nicole Roybal: Even go outside of town without like craving it so bad. And yes, I'm keep telling myself. I'm strong enough. I mean, at least I'm, I'm, I am staying away from it, and I am making sure so that makes me really strong, but it just hate, there is still have these stupid.
Nicole Roybal: Cravings and thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to tell that to the chip picture. I hate that I still have the cravings, which which which quality is welcoming that why nurturing are protected figure
Nicole Roybal: I was telling me that in my mind like my team or whatever. Right.
Nicole Roybal: Hope you're asking
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: And well, she was saying.
Nicole Roybal: That I do it every day that I go down there. What makes this day and he different
Nicole Roybal: Just
Nicole Roybal: Distract yourself started put some music on your in your ears do something, don't look that way, just keep walking. Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: foot hits the ground and you consult Tiffany
It gives you good
Gwenevere Abriel: pep talk advice of distraction.
Listen to music.
Nicole Roybal: Maybe run
And run
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually yeah actually
Gwenevere Abriel: To discharge it in the body to put motion can have a great impact on changing that experience to picture the running
Gwenevere Abriel: Music maybe with the run.
Nicole Roybal: Started to like focus when I stopped doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you, what do you notice you notice that you were kind of running
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you running
Nicole Roybal: To my mom's okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's go there. Let's bring up that image and we've got a little bit of time. I want to make sure we at least get there.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we get there goes by fast so we get their
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture the worst moment really vivid. If you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up everybody for this one. Okay. You ran there you got through the moment you got through that negative thinking, but you're there now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull the team up
Gwenevere Abriel: And here with me and Helen nice belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: In exhale, nice and slow. All of it out, extend that breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the space after the exhale. What are you noticing.
Nicole Roybal: Well,
Nicole Roybal: My mom's house, like you said to
Nicole Roybal: Think of and
Nicole Roybal: I just picture like my mom and my dad and all them are already drunk know you know
Nicole Roybal: And
Nicole Roybal: My mind is time me just to go sit down on my couch my bed, whatever in the living room and just stay away from them. They always do.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know how like
Nicole Roybal: I mean the thoughts are still there drinking, but it's not like
Nicole Roybal: I have any alcohol because I ran home away from alcohol. So there's nothing I could do now. Now I'm home and now
Nicole Roybal: I don't have a choice now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I got you. That's beautiful. But pull in a little bit more as you're in the living room. Let's get really immersed with staying present just this last piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're in the living room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tony's there. How is there. Tiffany's there. Okay, bring it all and bring your whole team in and you're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: He adult you recognized it and when affair, your therapist and you have it in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You recognize to Jimmy and you found it in you. You have that same attribute, whatever that quality was in me of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have it.
Nicole Roybal: I know I'm strong enough, because I do it all the time. I just tired of the thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and that's the part right there. I shouldn't have the fox theater today maybe right afterwards. Just sit with the imagery of asking, and I don't know who
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's got wisdom around what to expect about the continued thoughts, because despite how many times I say that the attic will continue to try to seduce you that your neural network given
Gwenevere Abriel: And many years that
Nicole Roybal: You've been drinking and
Gwenevere Abriel: All of the connections that it will continue to be there. And yet you give yourself a hard time when they are there.
Nicole Roybal: It's a paradox. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just check in and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't, don't go to the ask someone who knows, maybe they don't know but they may know someone who knows someone who knows someone who can give you the information about what am I supposed to do with the fact that these thoughts, keep coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it
Gwenevere Abriel: In side of the road.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you define by
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna leave you to do that. You can decide to go jump on the phone and do something else. Or you can finish this work.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe you can.
Nicole Roybal: Because the imagery of
Nicole Roybal: How did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep having these thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know why and see what comes back.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're done, if there's anything left over.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it on the side of the road.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you go zoom and by
Nicole Roybal: Okay, gotcha will do that right now I just want write it down. Now don't forget how you
Gwenevere Abriel: Grew up on Tuesday. Do you need medication or anything. I figured you were already okay but
Nicole Roybal: Uh, yeah, I'm still good. I'm still good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you on Tuesday morning
Nicole Roybal: Thank you may
Gwenevere Abriel: Be go to YouTube.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trevor you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got a black screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can get the video online.
iPhone: Hi. Sorry.
iPhone: My phone was messing up my, my aunt was calling me, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing well. So there's a lot to unpack so let's just together. Let's get okay let's take a nice deep breath together.
Gwenevere Abriel: This belly breath. Let's bring it in nice and nurturing and bring it into your bubbly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just on your own time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Just bring that Aaron.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just remember that you're home. You're safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might have been some passing perceptions of risk and danger and threat, but you are safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are cared for and you're going to get your needs met.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just breathe into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where do you want to start
Gwenevere Abriel: With because right there's lots of places to start
Gwenevere Abriel: What would feel most productive or I could take the lead. You could take the lead. What would feel best for you.
iPhone: Yeah, I think that you should, because I don't feel like my mind is in the right spot to be deciding what I need to be
iPhone: I just wanted to one thing I will say is I woke up this morning, extremely grateful and in a different perspective than I have been in a really long time.
iPhone: I woke up and I just, I wasn't hurting. I wasn't having anxiety. I wasn't thinking about how I was going to get my pills. I wasn't thinking about how I was gonna
iPhone: Whatever, everything was good with work everything I just felt like I was thankful for just being sober and being on the Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you're one of your tax was. And that's what I was relying on was you'll have enough to get you to Friday. So is that because you were able to have a dose this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're so finished the sentence. I'm grateful to what
iPhone: Well, no, I felt just grateful to be
iPhone: where I'm at right now in a program that that I can
iPhone: Have something like a Suboxone to help me. You know, like I just woke up feeling grateful that I had that for today, you know, instead of having to search for a pill or or being on dope or withdrawing or being in the hospital where I just felt grateful for where I'm at.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Beautiful. And so no anxiety and it and it is, it's a lot of ways. It's a bit like a miracle for people that that didn't think it was possible to kind of have relief from a lot of people, it's heroin, some people, it's the, it's the
Gwenevere Abriel: Carcass that's an oxy but you had a recent relapse and some other things have gone on.
Gwenevere Abriel: that confused me
iPhone: Yeah, yeah. Last some stuff to to
iPhone: Clear up with you to about my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we do now. This is a very unique relationship. This means that you can be mad at me disgusted. You can be all kinds of things with me and I'm not going to lose my shit.
iPhone: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I mean by that is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not your dad, not your mom notch brother. I'm not anybody who's going to make it about them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're going through something the one piece that I will add is
Gwenevere Abriel: I am a professional, which means I'm going to have some insights into some things that you and I might not agree on. I might have a perspective, given my experience in this field, my perspective.
Gwenevere Abriel: On recent history over, let's say, just the last 30 days I'm privileged to hold those stories with me and I don't want to abuse them. I don't want to miss use them, but they're still part of the picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's both. You get to tell your truth and I'll hold space. You could have been really scared you weren't gonna have any medicine on Friday. Maybe that's one
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knows what but I'll hold space for it. It's just that it's an and not only am I going to hold space your truth, but I have an opinion and I wanted to talk
iPhone: A little
Gwenevere Abriel: Bit. Okay, so why don't we start with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: walk yourself through what's on your mind. What do you need to save me kind of get it out, get it, get it clear the air, if you will.
iPhone: OK, so the other night. Whenever I was texting you and you had said like we need to meet like with bright heart to see how we can meet your goals how bright heart can help your goals.
iPhone: Well, me, myself, I took it. I took that as, oh no, she's canceling me like she's their cancer. They don't want anything to do with me.
iPhone: And I made this big old story that I fabricated in my head just from overthinking that
iPhone: You were for some reason upset or I don't know what I was that's just what my brain was telling me and
iPhone: So I, I told my mom and my mom's telling me she's like, Trevor. I'm not reading that like that at all. I'm reading that as she's trying to get you help.
iPhone: She's trying to help you. I'm not reading and I was freaking out thinking. No, they're going to cancel me like
iPhone: And it was just all kind of fabricated in my head. And so I started talking to my mom about like, Well, maybe if I just get a new therapist or whatever.
iPhone: And and I'm just being honest with you this what I was thinking I was over, I had this whole story in my head like hates me she's she doesn't want this anymore and
iPhone: How am I going to go on talking to go in and but my mom social then I was even to a coward to call bright heart and and and say, hey, I want a new therapist. So I have my mom do it and then
iPhone: And then after that. That night I had to just, you could hold it. I'm Tiffany I guess, whatever that I was just acting crazy
iPhone: And so me and my mom talked about and I apologize to her and said, I shouldn't have put you in that position to call and I
iPhone: Was i mean i did fabricate all that in my head. That wasn't. I don't think wins mad at me. I do think she's trying to help me. I'd rather just meet with her and stick with her. She knows all my business. I think I was just overreacting and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's beautiful. So there was another piece of it. The two either intentionally or unintentionally, you got feedback from bright heart healthy left that out. What was the feedback.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or feedback. Your mom spoke with someone right
iPhone: Oh, yes, yes, yes. Yes, she did. And they had told me to just go to the 12 O'clock group today and talk to Dr element and tell him that I needed to talk to him privately.
iPhone: And say that I would want a new therapist, but I didn't want to do that. So that's why I wanted to meet with you. That's what bright heart said
Gwenevere Abriel: I do you know who told you that
iPhone: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: A her
iPhone: Let me, my mom just sent me her name. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to know.
iPhone: She, her name was
iPhone: Her name was Angelina apparently she's my court court.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coordinator Okay.
iPhone: Yeah, she had told. And that's why I was so confused because I had talked to Dr element. And I told him, hey, what do I need to do to get back on track. And he, he said, meet with going in the morning, like you're supposed to It's Okay cool.
Yeah.
iPhone: That was me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the only the best business with Angela and that's new.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only piece I have. I spent some time last night about maybe 10 or 15 minutes processing. What was going on with us. I sort of sat down. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what's going on. You don't have to have to sit and think
iPhone: Yeah.
Of course,
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of juxtaposing what I was hearing in these different places.
Gwenevere Abriel: With my text.
I'm only
Gwenevere Abriel: This and I'm hearing this, which is in complete opposite. And I'm confused. But I also I'm making up a story of like how I was thinking you were terrified. I was imagining
iPhone: My words.
iPhone: I was right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are going to be left with no Madison on Friday.
iPhone: So it wasn't even that it wasn't even that I was terrified that you are like upset at me or something and I was scared to face you like in the meeting. That's what it was like I was
iPhone: And I guess part of it too. Yeah, being cancelled, like I just thought like you were just didn't want anything to do with me anymore. And that scared me because I've been with you from the start, you know, I just made that big old story up in my head, but from overthinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Well, well, let's let's take another level of ownership, we're doing great. If you can go to the next one. You're gonna be free.
iPhone: Okay, I just need to know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to this next one and just say, I found the problem. The problem is the therapist. I'm going to get a different one.
iPhone: Yeah, yeah. That's what my head told me. Yeah, at the time. Yeah.
iPhone: For sure. Exactly. That's exactly what I tried to do
Gwenevere Abriel: So that, that's another
Gwenevere Abriel: That's working it
iPhone: That's the easy way out.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's splitting it's splitting. You just split the doctor and therapist and conveniently Angela You got a lot of people working against each other and not working as a team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm watching. And I didn't even know this bit about Angelina was going on. Um, but it doesn't surprise me because we're all independent contractors. So we're all like, you know. Left hand, right hand is doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: None of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is about Angelina excited about Dr elements, not about one of your it's about what the next step is in service to what you want, I want to talk about, if we can, if you're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already did the big own. It was like one of yours, the fucking problem. We're getting rid of her.
Mom, can I
Gwenevere Abriel: Get rid of the bench and then we're good. You know, she kept going.
iPhone: You don't worry, I just, I just thought you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's it, then we've named it, and we've called it out and now the addict inside is like okay jig is up like we were running a game where we're like, well, we'll just make her the bad guy and then you
Gwenevere Abriel: Your part, it'll be about, you know, this is a crummy therapist or she doesn't. She doesn't care about me. You know, if you can sit with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dude that's big.
iPhone: Yeah, I can't. Yeah, I realized that
iPhone: Last night that I was out of my mind, and that that was not the right thing to do. And that's why I'm here, meeting with you right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very brave of you and hopefully your heart rate sitting more regulated. As you can see, to say these truths. Hopefully you
iPhone: Know, that's why I told you I woke up this morning. I think with that calmness and peace because I decided last night that I was going to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
iPhone: You know what I mean. I just
All right, yeah.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the other part. This is just content driven. It's not a process thing I just want to tell you one other. I don't know if you remember, but I'm pretty consistent with telling people, Hey, guys. You all have my personal cell phone you all do. It's a privilege.
Gwenevere Abriel: The privilege to me, and I can tell.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means I don't have to go through slack who scheduled appointments and people do that, I'll do that I'm going or something. But I like
Gwenevere Abriel: Ones on, I want to be able to you know nuance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes, you guys are sick and you want to tell me also said his cell phones for scheduling appointments and then I say, but I want you guys to have access to me, which means if you're in distress and you need me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reach out but the response, you're going to get back to me is
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to hear back when can we meet, and I looked at my own tax. And I was like, Okay, I have an incomplete sentence there that's that just sucks. So I was probably trying to pull. I know I was trying to text you but I was pulling from treatment with someone else, like I was trying
iPhone: I was meeting with someone. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To address you, again, for me, job of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But ultimately, it would, I think, I meant I can look at what I wrote. But hopefully I said something about, we have to meet and
Talk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Text won't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I will not budge from the position I won't talk about whether you need more service.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to another level of care continue what you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: To contact me hang in there. Cool. About a sponsor. All of that is clinical and I won't
Do
Gwenevere Abriel: It's too important. And so what I was doing, is I use really vague terms and that would freak you out. I go real neutral. Oh, I would like us to meet, we can address right heart health goals. I know exactly what I was doing very big freaked you out.
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, that's exactly it different now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm sorry for that, but I can't say I i've tried. I've tried in other ways. Well, we can't talk and text. This is you, to hated it to. There is no when I
Gwenevere Abriel: tried them all.
iPhone: I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can be squishy squishy. Everything's gonna be
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, to push. What am I going to, you would have
iPhone: kept asking and kept bugging them. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you want your answers. You want it what you want, when you want it and you wanted it now. And I was like, No, that's the attic demanding it for me. And that's not clinically what
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: went all the way through and you came out the other side this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Found some humility. I'm thinking somewhere in there.
Yeah, showed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: took a lot of courage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I couldn't have unearthed on you right. It could have blamed you I could be name called I could shame you I could do lots of ugly things that would make me feel bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: appease
Gwenevere Abriel: My responsibility, but I'm a part of it. I gave you my cell phone I I gave you a bad sentence, I, I, I said that vague phrase.
iPhone: I didn't keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Calling you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know there's a lot of parts that I can. I'm to
It wasn't perfect but we're here.
to humans.
iPhone: Weren't perfect
Gwenevere Abriel: But our intentions are.
iPhone: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sure of it. I've checked myself.
iPhone: Yeah, I know. I feel they are to both of you seriously.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Angelina meant well too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Solomon means well but it's good to have one chief on this.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can manage all of it all at the same time mom to mom did her best. She only knows training.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're giving her
Gwenevere Abriel: She and I haven't met, that would be great. Polar in happy to do it. I'm a marriage and family therapist more, the merrier. I have a whole family. I'd love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would all be right. You'd be like, well, that's too much information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but that's right but I like it.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's transparency, that's risky for the attic. That's risky because
iPhone: You know, I think she would like it. We just have to find a time to do it.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, there's many people working
Gwenevere Abriel: Together side that can counteract right the addiction voice. So we've we've covered the testing. We've covered this other piece I want to know a little bit about
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
iPhone: Oh, the sponsor. Yeah.
iPhone: So that
iPhone: Yeah, so my mom. She is a district court clerk manager so she has these ladies that work for her. Well, one of the ladies that works for her as a been clean off meth for like seven years and her husband runs the Celebrate Recovery here. So her husband. That was the guy told you about.
iPhone: I think I sent you, Matt. But that's not his real name. It's actually Chris
iPhone: I got it wrong and anyways. But yeah, so we have sober recovery every Wednesday night and Sunday night, and I'm working in town right now so I'm able to go to those and I'm meeting with him.
iPhone: Tonight after church. We're going to go to church and then meet with him tonight, but he's going to start running me through this step work, which is the thing that I've been missing. So, which is what
iPhone: really kept me sober and myth. I remember that community. I was talking about. So hopefully that
iPhone: I'll be able to find this community to him, you know, and all of his sober friends. And that's what you. That's why he wants to be my sponsor. He asked to be my sponsor. So yeah, that's how it's been a pretty cool week
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this is beautiful. And this is the part of support. I will
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's an end.
iPhone: And I don't
iPhone: Want you
Gwenevere Abriel: To stop paying attention to what registers, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because it's Chris
Gwenevere Abriel: Chris
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be careful.
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah I know I am I my sponsor. I had in Midland my sponsor for like a year and a half. I loved him to death. But he moved across the country and
iPhone: So I know like all like, I know that a book like back to back, and everything and all the stuff work and stuff so
iPhone: I definitely know but he also told me you know there's a ton of other people, like if it because I haven't met with him yet. But he said, There's a ton of people that would be willing to do that. So I just
iPhone: It's just kind of found that little community. You know what I mean. I just have to go
iPhone: And so that's tonight.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's all amazing loving it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now watch where therapy can be your
Gwenevere Abriel: Accountability.
iPhone: Say that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: In accountability, but no one's really watching you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
holding you accountable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not
You are
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: For anybody out
Gwenevere Abriel: There was no
Gwenevere Abriel: You're correcting it right now you're repairing it but really sit with accountability. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Great critical
Gwenevere Abriel: This accountability stuff.
iPhone: So what
Gwenevere Abriel: I show you what what wouldn't work.
There'd be no account.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, this is all holy that could be one. I wouldn't know because I can't hold you accountable.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have a PO that I can call, you're not going to court next month. Can't do anything or you're not. I don't have an arm to reach out and check it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have your word.
iPhone: That's it. Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you say she's onto something. And if inside right now the addict inside of you is screaming bloody murder do another don't say anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any promises. Don't do it to shush, if that's what's happening around transparency and accountability.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I say to you, well, asked Chris if he doesn't mind kind of sharing some some of his an Anon, anon, And commonality.
iPhone: And
Gwenevere Abriel: If I can actually talk with them and
iPhone: Walk with Him. Yeah, I could do that.
iPhone: Because I really would do that.
iPhone: I'm willing to do anything to keep me sober. I'm sick of
iPhone: Relaxing I'm really willing to do whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well that's great because I would like to. I'm not a I'm not a disclosure, which means a fairly conservative with your information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sharing on my side, but there would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. You really Sunday night.
iPhone: And I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: weave it into treatment plan.
And we would have an integral part of the team.
Gwenevere Abriel: That could add
Gwenevere Abriel: One more thing. I'm like it all the way through this
Gwenevere Abriel: Book take you to coffee. I can't do that. I can't do that. Even if you work down the street. That's the thing, right, a therapeutic relationship. You can't just do drive over here. Now let's have dinner.
iPhone: I can't do that. I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: See the stretch the arm the pole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom chances to can
Gwenevere Abriel: Sponsor can friend can't, I can't do that. All I can do is be your little cheerleader and say call a friend.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any much
Gwenevere Abriel: Has he been going. I'm not wonderful hair like he's a hot mess like
iPhone: vital role like that. Yeah, guess what, guess what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come here. Yeah.
iPhone: My mom I have ROI for her, but this is my mom.
iPhone: This is when
iPhone: I was just telling her about Chris
Your
iPhone: Answer is yes and shoes I celebrate recovery. Do you think Chris would sign an ROI. So that Chris can talk to her, though, I think I would be willing, I just, I just have
Gwenevere Abriel: Your is your name, surely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shelley Shelley Shelley, I am one of your. It's very nice to meet you.
iPhone: Nice to meet you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for caring so much about your son. I'm just, I'm so privileged to be working with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really and truly
iPhone: Thank you for helping and and being there to talk with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know there's been some mixed information coming your way.
iPhone: I told her that I overthink it all and I was just trying to blame it all on her, as Mr catastrophic thinker right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're here, we can make the most of it. Is there anything you want to know. Any questions you
iPhone: Know, I mean, I just want to know that he's on the right track. And then he's, you know, taking care of what he needs to be taken care of and and
iPhone: And it's very imperative to me that he gets you know hooked up with this. Celebrate Recovery and and that crispy his sponsor and I was just telling her about and do all that here. That's crazy. You walked in, because we were just talking about you. I can't do. I can't. No, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you know it's okay and excited about this gentleman, Chris.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so what I'd rather not say what we were just talking about. You just did right, you just said, Maybe Chris would do this piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, Trevor. Why don't you talk about how you could increase accountability to yourself to Chris to me to mom. Just think of one little stuff that you could do, which is scary, but it would increase transparency or would hold you accountable. What's something you could do just today.
iPhone: No, no, I mean other than her. Make sure that I meet with Chris, that's the only thing I can think of, or you make sure like
iPhone: Just me making sure that I meet with him, you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask him.
iPhone: Yeah, yeah. I asked him about the ROI.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could say, hey, listen, I'm meeting with a therapist and you can you can tell them, she she she ain't gonna say anything about what I'm doing in treatment, but she's going to want to make sure I'm actually going on Wednesday and Sunday. She might check me
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. She might do that. Would you be willing to take a call from one of your she would just be asking, hey, as he connecting with you. She's not going to share anything
iPhone: Yeah yeah asked him for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And his real name is important. Only because this is a consent and it does need to actually be him like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a big deal. And I want you to know if he says no, like, that makes sense because it's supposed to be anonymous
Gwenevere Abriel: But it would just be with me, I would be
iPhone: If he says no, I've been
Gwenevere Abriel: This last audio something's going on, say it one more time. I see.
iPhone: Chris's wife Ashley she actually works for me. And so I mean she there. Yeah.
iPhone: You
iPhone: So I'm able to
iPhone: You know, I can, I can get it facilitated where they can they can mean
iPhone: It's Christmas willing to do whatever. And so it's actually OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
iPhone: There's
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people on your side.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay but but there's really, it's the next
Gwenevere Abriel: One because Chris is never
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to do with the information right he has his own
iPhone: Hang on one second. And my brother walked in, I just don't want you to know what we're talking about. I'm sorry.
iPhone: I'm sorry, I just, it was
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard you.
Use gone
iPhone: Sorry about that. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm Chris may say no. And he has every right to do that. I just, I don't know how much you guys know about that and how much you don't. But he has every right to
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's gonna that's gonna be okay to, um, but so what I think. I think I heard a backup from you, Trevor. I think I heard you say, well, you have a release and you can all mine.
iPhone: My mom could call you and let you know if I met with them or not. If he want. That's our thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about we do this, Shelly, if you want to call him.
iPhone: She had your number already
Gwenevere Abriel: You can call me you can text me
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: He went on Wednesday I dropped him off. I heard
iPhone: To celebrate recovery.
Okay.
iPhone: Okay, well, I know the one Celebrate Recovery that Chris does take you days. And there's a the other one on Wednesday that I go to. But it's not Christmas but Christmas is on Sunday night, but I'm going to be going to both of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday and Sunday.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So remember when I was telling you about the the text and the cell phone. So it's the same there too. So she you, Shelly, you
Gwenevere Abriel: With me and my my cell phone. I love it. But this is my personal cell.
iPhone: Professional. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I do is I schedule appointments with clients.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: If they can't make it. I think I rescheduled like rearrange them and I give I give clients, the ability to send me
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, or I relapsed or whatever they can send me the
iPhone: Message.
Gwenevere Abriel: That they're not suffering alone. That's kind of my philosophy. But the problem is what I send back. I don't do therapy in text I send messages feel for a client, maybe even do
iPhone: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Confusing. But the invitation as quickly as possible, either get on the phone if I'm not already in session or get in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when like humans, when we're in distress, and we don't get it. Everything's gonna be okay. You know, we don't get that back. It can add to the distress, and that might have been what happened and I don't want it to happen to us too.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to say it. You can send me information about your son. I will not send you anything about your son.
iPhone: Talking about it on the phone.
iPhone: Is what she's saying, no, that's fine.
iPhone: I'll do it over textual to have to call her. She said, I understand. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's to protect him. It's, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: A special place.
Gwenevere Abriel: That stigma of
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Important. I can't risk it. I don't know if someone else picked up the phone, I don't know your number. I don't know. I don't
Know, I don't get
iPhone: To touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can send me whatever you want.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I can. I'm part of this sort of team of accountability and I can maybe carefully. Bring it on, and say, Hey, I got this message. And if I start to sense clinically that some some family stuff going on. Would you ever be interested in us sitting down and eating as a family just
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Over 20 years licensed here in Florida marriage and family therapist. Just letting you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm 50
iPhone: And you like a therapist, an hour long one, sometimes whenever we could figure out a time for towards everyone that's fine.
iPhone: And license.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here in New Mexico, it'll be three years in June, but most of my practice has been here in Florida. So just
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that may come up, you may have something you want to do. He may have something on, but it's really neat that we're getting to meet sort of spontaneous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you have a face, and you see I'm not an over. I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to shave.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm all about. Where's the strength. Okay, where resources, let's let's all kind of work to help get where he wants to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Have more questions, anything you want to share here.
iPhone: I mean not right at the moment and I just you know we we probably do need to have a family time but I just, I'm in a super big hurry right at the moment so
Gwenevere Abriel: Pleasure to meet you.
iPhone: Nice to meet you too.
iPhone: Bye bye. Okay, thank you. Love you. See you later. Hey,
iPhone: I'll call you whenever I'm done. All right. Hey, can you lock the door. Thank you. Sorry. That was crazy.
How many do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, I'm glad you found gratitude this morning. I'm hoping
iPhone: That's what I'm Sam I just the the gratitude of having her and Chris and all to celebrate Passover and the just the thought of me being able to
iPhone: Because I remember how nice it was to go to meetings and be around all those people. Those like minded people. I'm just excited for to go do that. You know what I mean. I just never
iPhone: Never really haven't had hoping a lot in a while is all say that that's what I got back, I guess is the hope so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you something. It isn't that Celebrate Recovery was just invented. See what you were doing to minimize your access to this resource or this month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom had that Chris was there, Ashley was there.
iPhone: Not get access
Gwenevere Abriel: To that resource.
iPhone: Putting work first blaming or I just, I wasn't putting my sobriety. First, which I know from my past will never work.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a hard thing to be in. It's going to come right back at you, you're going to go, but I need my stuff. I need to help my mom. It's going to come back and you're going to have to work hard to hold on to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it all falls apart when I don't fit recovery first
iPhone: It's going to try and hook the card.
iPhone: But I feel like as long as I stay connected and it stays fresh on my mind. The more I am aware of how important it is
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, if you can identify what's fresh on your mind needs to be fresh.
iPhone: What's fresh on my mind right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It needs to be fresh in my mind. What is it that has to stay fresh on your mind.
iPhone: Really want that my recovery has to come first.
iPhone: Or anything
Gwenevere Abriel: stay fresh
iPhone: That's the thing. That's what I'm that's what, that's the thing that the dome. The thing that I can only think of is saying so immersed in it, reading a book just, I mean,
iPhone: I need to get back into that is three my book all the time like I used to know and start helping people helping going through the steps, my step work is the biggest thing really
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tell you what it looks like. Out here, you know, the way it stays fresh
Gwenevere Abriel: You fuck up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You keep doing that this month has been a what them but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like slamming you're having to go to that other end to finally persuade yourself. You've got to put it first. So I got concerned when you said, I gotta keep it fresh. So all of a sudden they had this thing. I was like, oh my god.
iPhone: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta go use in order to remind himself that he has put recovery. First, how many more times you have to do that. So when you say you're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Check.
iPhone: No, that's why I did that, I want the accountability. I'm willing to do it all. I'm sick of putting my family through hell myself to hell. I'm sick of having to go through that. I don't want to do it anymore. That's why I'm trying to, like you said, Get as much accountability as possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once that's settled in
iPhone: Important to be
Gwenevere Abriel: scary moments for you. Are you understand
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be quiet going to be like this low
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to have time to be doing some therapeutic interventions together. We've had so much up and down, you've got chaos going we haven't been able to do the psychotherapy. Yes, of course. It's all grist for the mill. Of course. Of course. Of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not addressing the elemental trauma not grief response. Not that needs sitting cap off eyes closed meditative state focus on the breath, and you do maybe end our inner child work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do we can't do that while we're trying to figure out who's
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not to minimize how important it is because
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll tell me what this was, like, you know, what was it like
Gwenevere Abriel: To show up here today and have this experience, why it matters that this event, it'll probably mean
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to be closer
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you really can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can really tell me how important it is
Gwenevere Abriel: I do wish I remember there was a sense of urgency and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Could I should I have been like that with me that night with that have made it
iPhone: I think that would have just I think I needed to go through what I went through that that that two day waiting of me having to figure out in my own head that I was tripping.
iPhone: That I think I needed to what you did. I mean, I think you did. Right. I just fucked up. I think I needed to go through that because
iPhone: I don't think I would have woke up as with that gratefulness this morning. If I didn't. I don't think I would have realized how grateful I really was that I was tripping out
Gwenevere Abriel: About you reached out to me before like
iPhone: Oh yeah, last week, last Friday night. Yeah. Thursday night.
iPhone: That was two days before relapse.
Gwenevere Abriel: How could I could I have made a difference. If I had met with you in the evening or something because I'm pretty sure I said how about now and you are at work or something and then
iPhone: We couldn't. Honestly, I don't know. I didn't realize it until two days after that.
iPhone: I don't know. I don't know. I think the reason I wanted to meet with you right there was
iPhone: Some stuff was going on, like with work and my and my little brother.
iPhone: But that's all kind of over with. That's not really
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we've
Gwenevere Abriel: Been we've got a little bit of time, I noticed that you should shoot your you didn't want to share with your brother there said something there was a context that happened with your brother beforehand. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there ever an emotion. I'm hopelessness prior to this clip.
iPhone: You know, I'll tell you what it was. I've been having really bad migraines and my brain told me
iPhone: Okay, Trevor. You're having this migraine at Saturday. You can you can take these pain pills right now to get this migraine gone
iPhone: You can take your Suboxone this morning, you could take the pain pills tonight. And then in the morning you'll get back on your Suboxone
iPhone: Well, after I took the pain pills. My whole mindset changed and told me, Well, no, you could take it again in the morning and again tomorrow night.
iPhone: And so then I told my mom on Sunday and Monday morning at like 4:30am when I went to the hospital to get back on my Suboxone. Okay, so, um, I think you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to hear this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: These
Gwenevere Abriel: Are some and where I'm going to add migraine to it, too. I want you to hear sometimes it's awful.
iPhone: You
iPhone: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Push recovery down a notch on on importance. Okay. It might be interesting for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a little, a little
iPhone: Processing
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't afford it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no spleen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have CHF.
Gwenevere Abriel: The therapist is crap.
I have migraine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just notice that you're quite skilled
Gwenevere Abriel: You're really good. Meaning the addict I talking about that right now. I'm addressing that asshole.
iPhone: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: smarter than me and you all
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you will. You're smarter than me. I have figured out a long time ago because I used to come at all these angles.
Even
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll still outsmart sorry that's the case, it'll end up being
Gwenevere Abriel: Your authentic self that will set you straight
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a job and I'll try. I'll throw some techniques Absa
iPhone: Some new experiences, you'll feel more confident. I'll do my best.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you've got a smartphone.
Sorry.
iPhone: Yeah, it's tricky it sneaks up on me on
iPhone: That
iPhone: Don't know why it seems like once I get the idea in my head that I'm going to do it. It's like there's just no
Gwenevere Abriel: Once it's in
iPhone: You've already done. I don't know how to stop that idea other than staying. The only thing that's ever stopped that idea from coming into my head was me doing that step work the right way like fully
iPhone: That's why I'm trying to get back into it because in the past. That's the only thing that's kept me sober for
iPhone: For I mean long periods of times with, you know, not even thinking of relaxing, or that thought never coming or even having that thought come and me being able to call somebody, but that was because I was doing step work.
iPhone: And I was, and that's what I meant by keeping it fresh. That's why, how, I kept it fresh. In the past was going to meetings all the time and just staying immersed in a community.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been informing
Gwenevere Abriel: On that and it was you are identifying the resources aren't there one and that we could add that to the list too, by the way.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm saying. You're good that the addict is just better than me and I'm humbled by it but but it's sad because it right, you're
iPhone: hurting me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That Chris
Gwenevere Abriel: Paul out the addict can call them out when he shows up, and he's the one
That's
iPhone: Yeah. Well, he was a 15 year drug addict. He's been sober for seven so
iPhone: He knows his He'll. He'll be able to call my bullshit. I think
iPhone: Because my mom and my mom's been around, she met my last sponsor and he was a real abrasive. That's the kind of sponsor. I like to have the real abrasive. You know, like
iPhone: I mean, yeah, that will show up at my door. That's the kind and apparently that's how this guy is so that's why my mom and but like I said, I've never
iPhone: I also think another reason why I've been slipping a relapse and whatever is because I haven't had hope and my plan like I haven't
iPhone: This is the first time I've had hope. And what I'm about to do, or that it's going to work. I've never believed it was going to work any other time. That's why because I was in Clovis I was telling myself I'm I can't do it. I was just making excuses.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the level of honesty that needs to be here. Not saying something to this lady wants to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I know I look like a puff, but I'd rather hear this won't work either. This is a waste of my time. I don't need smoke up my, I don't need it.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I also won't show up on your doorstep. I won't call you out the
iPhone: Way simple skill, it's
iPhone: Not my style. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I guess, drive somewhere in there like I'm in there somewhere. But I'm still kind of a softy I still I still want to maintain this space that you can come back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Ultimately, I'm not judging you. So I picked out a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to know that you can come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you slip. Relax, even if
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gone for six months from come back.
I really want you to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you want.
iPhone: Someone who
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't leave that you want this really strong thing, which sounds very familiar as your father, by the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not hear that, but I won't be it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being a sort of jello thing that was touchy feely, blah blah blah, some good things are going to happen. But we've got to show up for therapy. This is the medicine.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to talk about it. Your one of your excuses right has been money. One of them has been I got to work. I'm going to lose my job. I'm sick. I can't. I got a migraine and so
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're going to put before recovery. First you put your money where your mouth is. I hate to say it, like, no.
iPhone: I'll tell you right now. All that was bullshit. I'll be honest with you right now, all of it, except for the migraine, one and all the rest were bullshit.
iPhone: But will the money thing too, but the money thing I really can't afford more than one a week, but I did just get this new medical benefits card. So I'm able to do
iPhone: I can, I can do a therapy and a group now in a week.
iPhone: Well then I need to
iPhone: You know, and I need. That's why I said I need to. That's why my mom helped me get the benefits card because I told her I would rather because I really enjoy the groups, but I really enjoyed this too. And I'm tired of waiting a week to do it all. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got to just say, is it working right now if we just step back and this is anybody. It's not you, it's anybody, we have to look and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: If treatments designed to help someone not relapse, you have had to less than 30 days and another one around the 14th. I don't know, only you and God knows. So, but my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: It, that's too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something's not working. Either you're not ingesting the medicine, which is this you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting the right doses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the wrong type of medicine which makes me think about particular interventions that we're doing. If we're constantly putting out fires for putting on band aids and just switching it up. We don't get to
Gwenevere Abriel: Have fun. It's chill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes together right
iPhone: Sorry.
iPhone: Sorry. Keep coming in here.
iPhone: So right on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right now.
iPhone: Sorry about that. Hold on for just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that you like the 12 O'clock group because that's a day. You have off. Okay. But I want to tell you open your mind up just a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have Monday at nine I have Monday at one I have Tuesday at seven in the morning I have Thursday at 11am also
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, if you're putting your recovery. First, if it meant. Look what you've been doing, you've been missing work. So I don't want to really hear
iPhone: I can't hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Addiction has made you miss work not therapy, no offense, but therapy has not making this work.
iPhone: Yeah, Thursday at 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. It's an amazing group.
Gwenevere Abriel: These folks were doing process groups, which means we're talking
iPhone: I thought you're talking about therapy.
iPhone: So am I not going to the same group that I was going through on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, we're talking
iPhone: Okay, I got you, I got you.
Yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of it as far as I'm concerned, can change as the need changes, but right now for 30 days, I would like you to commit to attending weekly individual therapy and a weekly group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, going to carve that out if our individual therapy isn't where you're at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can talk and you can, you know, be times when you have to stand up, you're going to have to move. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't have you sitting in a car. I can't have you sitting in an office at work. I need you to benefit from the actual treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I hear you right. Oh my gosh. I'm a total clock, but at 11 O'clock folks in there are have been here, some of them for for years. Okay, and we're actually doing process groups, which means we're talking
iPhone: Talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Our triggers.
Are
Gwenevere Abriel: The composition changes. It's an open group. The Friday are all
iPhone: Yeah okay yeah so I can do the 11 O'clock group on Thursday. And then on Friday, I can meet with you. So I could be at home. Right. Yes. Okay, I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: 11 and 11 or your times Thursday and Friday.
iPhone: Thursday. OK, I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But when you leave here. That's your phone to 1030 1045 for group on Thursday is
Gwenevere Abriel: asleep in a set of 1030 1045
iPhone: Days.
Have a snack.
Come into the service. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll protect this time. Let me just look ahead and see if I booked ahead of you know, we're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think that's what we're before
iPhone: Around there. Okay. And so look well Dr elements, so be doing my medication, then
iPhone: That'll be somebody else. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me give you a little heads up on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: She is our brielle there's a reason we have the same last name. She's my mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: She is a physician, it's not her responsibility to be
Mindful
Gwenevere Abriel: He does things that I don't particularly like she starts talking about herself. She'll talk. She's more therapeutic. She also. She not only is she a doctor scalable shipped on the degrees.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's also got herself a counseling degree. And so she does that sometimes. So again, up in your biz. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And outsider lane, which is medicine. That's okay. But if she starts to talk about her daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to see me go. What, uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I protect everyone I protect her. I protect you and protect not so much me, but it's not her right to tell a story about her daughter when I'm the daughter, but she doesn't have to pay attention to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her role really just offer, you're going to see me protecting it sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't see you won't see it very often because she knows she's been doing this couple years with me, and she knows I'm rigid
iPhone: Okay and so well she she knows I'm taking the three eight choose a day it'll stay the same, right. Like, I won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me offer some visual reassurance to you. Okay, I'm going to show you what she's gonna see so you can see it to you can see your own i think i think the docs have more access than I do, but I'm going to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: share my screen with you. So this isn't a program called karaoke. And this is see the blue.
iPhone: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it looks like he gave you. On February 21 21 films didn't give you a refill. You can see Chris Solomon there looks like he was setting in at 24 milligrams. Okay.
iPhone: Yeah. Does that
iPhone: Help. Yeah, no, I'm at a perfect dose right now. That's where I was, I was just making sure it was going to stay the same, like, because I'm switching doctors, I didn't. I was just wondering if
iPhone: It's kind of like
iPhone: Start me back at the bottom or something, I don't know.
iPhone: Okay, that's all I was making sure
All
Gwenevere Abriel: has adopted an approach that Dr. Aubrey L and I started, which is
OK.
Clients long term goal.
iPhone: On down
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's where we're at.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like you're on your way to it. Here's the deal. I have another screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll show it to you now. And this is the one that has to do with the accountability part
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a behavior contract. Okay, so we're going to read it together. I just need to do one little thing here, and you can not agree to it, but I think it's very reasonable. It's stuff you're already doing okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: More so I'm going to talk fast. I'm going to tell
Gwenevere Abriel: You this
To you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
That would be equivalent
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is what I'm hoping will happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: My hope is
Gwenevere Abriel: That for the next 30 days you will commit to doing something
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you're already doing.
iPhone: But not with fidelity.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's basically saying, I will attend individual therapy 16 minutes, no less than, we'll just put once a week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once per week over the next 30 days. That means I don't DIP, an hour, you can, you know, might be 50 might be 15 minutes. That's okay. But, but all I'm I'm only here for 30 I've got a tummy ache. That's not going to cover it.
iPhone: Or don't you. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, once per week. OK, I will listen, I will text call or email my therapist, no less than 24 hours before scheduled appointment to cancel because I can't book anyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's fair. I will arrive no later than five minutes past the hour have a schedule appointment unless that that's on on me where I say, Oh, I'm running late. Obviously, then that's on me and you can show up whenever I'm encouraging.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, of course, we'll make sure you have enough time for your session, I will text call or email my therapist experiencing continued anxiety, guilt, depression, anger, other intruding psychological and emotional states that means you're upset.
iPhone: You let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know. And you're pretty good at that. I will identify how my substance use. This will be in session. I will identify how my substance use all mood mood altering including THC substances are counterproductive.
Gwenevere Abriel: This means verbalizing how all of them are counterproductive to my recovery. I will identify the psycho social environmental
Gwenevere Abriel: Factors that support my long term recovery. So we'll talk about those. I will identify barriers. Those psychological and physical to contribute to unmet obligations.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll get into that. It's a pretty typical conversation with me, I will complete homework assignments. Those are my invitations. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Three times a week. Do this go here. What do you think, you know, join join some sort of hobby thing or whatever they should actually give it a try. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll submit your own screens. This doesn't. This is interesting. I will accept initiate a call, text him contact from fear sport. We don't have here supports. I was trying to put that together, couldn't do it.
iPhone: Yeah, I agree.
iPhone: I agree to all that for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Real quick read this fill this one in for me. I'm going to type it in and then I'm going to email it to you. The advantage is has to come from you. So don't answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure it's true. The advantage of my achieving these goals. What's the advantage include what what's the advantage but these things.
iPhone: The advantage for my achieving these goals includes the fault.
iPhone: Sorry. The question is just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll make it easy for you. Why is this a good idea.
iPhone: It gives me my best chance of staying clean
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you gonna feel about yourself. If you do this for 30 days because this is hard twice a week is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's whatever, by the way. That's what everybody else has done, you would allow it, but it is still hard because you're working full time too. So how you gonna feel if you pull this off.
iPhone: Oh, feel great. I feel amazing.
iPhone: Believe I can to I want it. Number one, I don't think I've ever wanted it since I started this program with you guys. I believe I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to send this to you and all you have to do is just send it back a little something something saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I agree, it is, it's just between you and I and basically you're all in a doctor or be able to sign an agreement, but what comes after this is a big deal. It might help you
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's going to be twice a week for
Gwenevere Abriel: daily dose.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be a referral to us and outpatient, possibly with 30 days of the script while you go get those services. So this is a really important day
iPhone: What do you mean you confuse me right there 30 days of medication.
iPhone: If you can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold
iPhone: Your party oh if I don't do this. Okay, I got you. I'm sorry, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm talking fast because we're running out of time.
iPhone: As you know, there's a group
iPhone: So,
iPhone: My men. So my medication today will get sent till next Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, sir.
iPhone: Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, if you do want to come in right now. Let me know if you do decide you want to come into you're more than welcome to. I'm going to talk to the doctor for it. This one time, you can feel some support. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what would you want to do.
iPhone: A MOM I wasn't supposed to work today, but I'm headed to work right after this.
iPhone: Sounds out you
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me send a message, real quick to Dr. Solomon. Okay, get that medicine going for you. I'm really
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday at 11
iPhone: I'll see you. I gotta wrote down. I'll see
iPhone: Forget I will thanks going
Check your email.